Hello, welcome to the parlance dialogue system? You can ask for restaurants by area, price range or food type. How may I help you?
Green Spirit is a nice restaurant in the moderate price range.
Pivo & Basilico is a nice restaurant in the area of Staré Město and it is in the moderate price range.
The address for Baráčnická rychta is Tržiště 9.
The phone number for Švejk Restaurant is 298306752.
Baráčnická rychta is in the area of Smíchov.
Goodbye.
I would recommend Ferdinanda. It has a moderate price range and allows kids
The phone number for Green Spirit is 285823898. It is near TV Tower and in the area of Hradčany.
Green Spirit is in the cheap price range and it is good for lunch.
BarBar allows children.
Pivo & Basilico is a good restaurant.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Baráčnická rychta is in the cheap price range, it is good for brunch, and it does not allow children.
Švejk Restaurant's address is Žatecká 44 and its phone number is 263856885.
I have a restaurant for you. The name is Švejk Restaurant, children are not allowed, vegetarian food is served and it is moderately priced.
There are 2 Asian restaurants that are moderately priced and do not allow kids.
Please confirm your area of interest.
There is a nice restaurant named U Konšelů.
What type of food are wanting to eat?
I have a restaurant for you. It is called Café Savoy serves Indian near the Old Town Square area, children are not allowed and the price range is moderate.
The address for the Švejk Restaurant is Štefánikova 7
I have a restaurant for you. It is named Kočár z Vídně and it serves Czech food.
U Konšelů is the only restaurant serves vegetarian and it is a good place for dinner.
Yes, children are allowed at the U Konšelů
Green Spirit is in the Vinohrady area and it is address is Národní 18.
There is a nice restaurant named Místo in the expensive price range that does not allow children.
There are no restaurants that serve breakfast in the expensive price range.
Thank you for calling. Good bye.
There are no restaurants in Karlín
Hradčany has no restaurants
What area are you looking for?
Café Kampus is good for lunch and no children are allowed.
There are 0 restaurants in Dejvice that do not allow kids.
Green Spirit is in Žižkov.
Místo's address is Malostranské náměstí 26, and their phone number is 210000645
Green Spirit is near Stromovka.
I am sorry, there are 0 breakfast restaurants near the Powder Tower
What kind of food would you be interested in?
Pivo & Basilico is a good breakfast restaurant
Would you prefer it near the Prague Castle or does it not matter?
Švejk Restaurant near Wenceslas Square is priced between 130 and 180 Kč, the phone number is 229996745
Kočár z Vídně is in the cheap price range in the Dejvice area.
Have a nice day
There are not Turkish restaurants that allow children.
The Švejk Restaurant is a Mexican that serves expensive food.
The phone number to Green Spirit is 286102528
The Baráčnická rychta is near the Charles Bridge.
There are no children allowed in Café Kampus.
I cannot find a restaurant good for brunch that serves French.
Café Kampus serves Italian.
Green Spirit does not allow kids, their number is 219155930.
BarBar is at Kaprova 13 and prices are between 180 and 550 Kč.
If you are looking for Indian food, try Místo
Is there a certain price range you were looking for?
Are you looking for breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner?
There are 239 restaurants if you do not care about which meal to dine.
What kind of food are you looking for?
There are 239 restaurants serving any meal if the food does not matter.
What part of the city are you looking for?
Can I confirm you do not care what type of meal it is?
Good bye
Ferdinanda is a moderately priced restaurant that does not allow children.
Místo is a nice restaurant.
Green Spirit is in Staré Město area in the moderate price range and does not allow children.
The address to Green Spirit is Náprstkova 29 and the phone number is 261270888.
Thank you goodbye
Ok, I have found the Ananta near Old Town Square, which does not allow children.
The U Konšelů is in Žižkov. The phone number is 283490870.
Hello, welcome to the restaurant information system. You can ask for restaurants by area, price range or food type. How may I help you?
You want to find a good restaurant for dinner?
Are you looking for restaurants in Nusle?
Do you want restaurants for dinner?
There are 0 restaurants near Stromovka in the expensive price range
Would you like Italian?
There are 0 Chinese restaurants near Prague Castle in the moderate price range
I am sorry. There are no breakfast Chinese.
Pivo & Basilico is a Indian restaurant.
The phone number of Švejk Restaurant is 291050035.
The address of Kočár z Vídně is Újezd 36.
The postcode of U Konšelů is 128 00.
What kind of food are you searching for?
Do you want to know if kids are allowed or not?
There are 229 restaurants available if you do not mind kids are allowed or not.
What food type do you want?
Café Kampus serves Czech food, kids are allowed, the price range is cheap.
Ar roi is a nice restaurant
There are no restaurants that are cheap and do not allow kids near Petřín Tower.
Do you want to try Ferdinanda near Petřín Tower?
Ananta is a moderately priced restaurant that allows children.
U Konšelů is nearby Petřín Tower and its phone number is 215722666.
Thank you have a nice day.
What price range are you looking for?
Ferdinanda is an expensive restaurant.
U Konšelů is located in the Nusle area at Žatecká 39.
Thank you, bye.
Baráčnická rychta is a nice restaurant that allows kids.
The address for Kočár z Vídně is Karmelitská 17. The phone number is 288947452.
U Tučňáků is a moderately priced restaurant that serves French food.
U Tučňáků has 2 locations in Hradčany. The address is Žatecká 24 and the phone number is 262614566.
U Konšelů is a cheap restaurant near Old Town Square.
There are 2 restaurants with cheap prices near Petřín Tower.
What type of food would you like?
The name is Švejk Restaurant, the phone number is 218955712, and the postcode is 147 00.
Goodbye, thank you for choosing parlance.
The U Tučňáků is cheap and does not allow kids.
The Kočár z Vídně is in the Vinohrady area
I found the BarBar restaurant, which serves Czech food.
I found Baráčnická rychta for a vegetarian lunch.
The only restaurants which allow children and serve French food for lunch are Baráčnická rychta.
I can recommend a Czech lunch at Kočár z Vídně.
Yes, the BarBar restaurant allows children.
Pivo & Basilico is located at Kaprova 5.
Café Savoy is in the cheap price range and it serves German food.
Ferdinanda is 150 Kč.
Ananta's phone number is 290387688.
What is the price range of the restaurant you are looking for?
U Tučňáků is an expensive restaurant that does not allow children.
Are you looking for a restaurant that allows kids, or does not allow kids?
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Goodbye, have a great day.
You do not care about what type of food?
Can I confirm that you do not care what kind of food it is?
Please select between do not care or American?
Can I confirm that you have selected French?
Thank you, have a great time
Green Spirit serves German at moderate prices and is good for dinner.
I cannot find any vegetarian restaurants with moderate prices.
Místo serves American and has moderately priced dinners.
You can find BarBar at Kaprova 44, 113 00.
There are 94 restaurants where kids are allowed
What area are you searching for a restaurant in?
There are 2 restaurants near the Stromovka that allow kids
Are you looking to be near the TV Tower?
Are you looking to be near the Hradčany?
I would recommend Green Spirit. It is in the Hradčany, serves Czech food, and allows kids
The name is Místo, address is Újezd 41, and the price is between 0 and 150 Kč
Café Savoy is near Old Town Square and does not allow kids for dinner.
The address for Ferdinanda is in the Smíchov and the specific address is Kaprova 49.
The Café Kampus is a cheap restaurant.
The Ananta is in Hradčany.
You can find the U Tučňáků at Žatecká 21.
Bon appetit !
There are no expensive Turkish shop.
BarBar serves Mexican food.
Pivo & Basilico is a cheap restaurant serving vegetarian food for dinner.
Baráčnická rychta is in the Žižkov area.
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Café Kampus is a good dinner place that allows kids.
U Konšelů is a good dinner place that allows children.
I found 89 dinner places that allow kids.
What is your price range?
Do you want breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
I am sorry, but what price range are you looking for?
Kočár z Vídně is a moderately priced Italian restaurant that allows children
The address of U Konšelů is Malostranské náměstí 41. Prices vary between 150 and 220 Kč
There is no other than Café Savoy that are moderately priced French restaurant that allow children
There are no restaurants that allow children in the area of Karlín.
There are no restaurants in the area of Staré Město that allow children.
Pivo & Basilico is a nice restaurant in the area of Staré Město that is good for dinner.
BarBar does not allow children.
U Tučňáků serves Italian food, the address is Malostranské náměstí 1, and the phone number is 266291611.
I have got the place for you then. The name is U Tučňáků, it serves German food and it is a great place for dinner.
I also recommend Baráčnická rychta. It serves French food, and it is a wonderful place to have dinner.
Baráčnická rychta is located in the Staré Město area.
Místo is of moderate price, serves vegetarian food and is good for lunch
Místos phone number is 230907984
Švejk Restaurants address is Žatecká 46
Thank you and have a great time
There is Místo that serves vegetarian and is good for lunch
I recommend a nice restaurant called BarBar
Místo is located in Karlín area
Baráčnická rychta is a moderately priced restaurant that serves French.
There are 2 restaurants that are moderately priced and serve German.
Where do you want it to be near to?
Ananta is near Charles Bridge. It serves Chinese and is moderately priced.
The address of Ananta is Národní 11 and the phone number is 241520534.
No place except Café Savoy serves Mexican
Pivo & Basilico is near TV Tower. Address is Tržiště 43
U Konšelů postcode is 165 00
Thank you
Ananta is near the Petřín Tower and is good for dinner.
Do you want anything else?
Do you want dinner or you do not care?
Café Savoy is near the Prague Castle and serves a good lunch
Pivo & Basilico is a cheap restaurant that does not allow children.
The address of Kočár z Vídně is Tržiště 4. I do not know the type of food.
Sorry, would you like a restaurant that allows kids or you do not care?
Café Savoy is a vegetarian restaurant that allows children.
Švejk Restaurant is a nice restaurant in the moderate price range that allows children.
The address for Green Spirit is Karmelitská 38 and the phonenumber is 277787063.
Café Savoy restaurant is near the TV Tower.
What kind of price range are you looking for?
Where would you like to eat?
I found the Green Spirit in the Karlín.
The address of the Místo is Tržiště 30.
The phone number for the Švejk Restaurant is 234811240.
Near what area are you looking for?
What part of the city you are looking for?
Where is it close to?
What type of food?
There are 239 restaurants if the food type does not matter.
Where would you like the restaurant to be?
There is a Chinese restaurant called Ferdinanda.
Pivo & Basilico's address is Karmelitská 7.
I would like to confirm that you are looking for a restaurant in a certain price range?
Can you specify your price range?
May I ask what your price range is?
Could you please give me an idea of what prices?
Café Savoy has a moderate price.
May I help you further?
Café Savoy allows children, is in Dejvice, and has moderate prices.
You can reach BarBar at 226256172.
Do you want a restaurant that allows children?
Bye !
Do you want a restaurant that serves breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
Green Spirit allows children and serves lunch.
The restaurant, Ananta, serves German.
There are no Turkish restaurants that allow kids.
Do you want to try Baráčnická rychta, its American food.
The phone number of U Tučňáků is 262708587 and it is a good dinner meal.
U Tučňáků is the restaurant.
U Tučňáků is in the expensive price range and allows children.
There are 4 restaurants available in the expensive range that allow children.
What type of food are you looking for?
U Tučňáků is a nice restaurant that serves French food in the expensive price range and allows children.
The price of U Tučňáků is between 180 and 730 Kč.
Where is it near?
What food are you looking for?
The U Tučňáků is good for lunch
Would you like it to be good for lunch?
U Tučňáků is a nice restaurant in the area of Dejvice.
I am sorry but there is no other place than Pivo & Basilico in Smíchov.
Ananta is near Stromovka and the phone number is 235835574.
Can I help you find a restaurant by breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner?
Švejk Restaurant is located near Charles Bridge
Švejk Restaurant is the only restaurant good for dinner near Petřín Tower and does not allow kids
Kočár z Vídně address is Národní 43, phone number is 238291286 and postcode is 161 00
Café Savoy is in the expensive price range and it does not allow children.
There are no restaurants in the expensive price range that are good for breakfast.
What are you near?
There are no restaurants near the Old Town Square district that are good for brunch
Green Spirit is good for breakfast and is near the Charles Bridge district.
Are you looking for lunch or dinner?
Would you like expensive or cheap food?
What is the price range you are looking for, cheap or expensive?
Would you like kids allowed?
There are 54 cheap restaurants that allow children.
What area would you like the restaurant to be in?
There is a nice restaurant called Baráčnická rychta that is cheap and for dinner.
Another place is called U Tučňáků it serves cheap dinner.
The restaurant's name is Baráčnická rychta
Hi, how about Kočár z Vídně. Children are not allowed and the price range is moderate.
I know of 77 restaurants where kids are not allowed and the price range is moderate.
There are 77 restaurants where children are not allowed and are moderately priced.
There is Café Kampus near Prague Castle. No kids are allowed and its priced moderately.
There is a nice restaurant near Charles Bridge which allow kids and it is prices are expensive
The restaurant near Prague Castle offers American food
There are 4 moderately priced restaurants in Dejvice.
There are 8 moderately priced restaurants near Powder Tower.
Would you like something for breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner?
Kočár z Vídně is a good restaurant for brunch.
The postcode for U Konšelů is 129 00.
Can I confirm you are looking for price ranges?
Kočár z Vídně is good for lunch or dinner and its phone number is 233110837.
Baráčnická rychta allows kids.
Místo is on Žatecká 22.
I would suggest Green Spirit. They permit children and serve wonderful dinner.
The name is Kočár z Vídně and the address is Žatecká 40. The phone number is 285661513.
Ferdinanda food is a nice restaurant that has vegetarian.
Švejk Restaurant is great for lunch or dinner.
U Tučňáků allows kids and serves Asian for lunch.
U Konšelů is in the moderate price range and serves Czech food and is good for dinner.
Švejk Restaurant is in the moderate price range.
Ferdinanda is near Petřín Tower you are looking for. It is also in the moderate price range.
Ananta's address is Žatecká 19 located in Staré Město.
I found 218 restaurants if you do not care about the food type.
Do you want a place where kids are allowed?
Ok, you want a restaurant and you do not care whether it allows kids?
You want a restaurant that allows kids, or you do not care?
Pivo & Basilico is a nice restaurant that serves German near the Prague Castle area that does not allow kids.
The price range for U Tučňáků is between 150 and 330 Kč.
Kids allowed yes or no?
Místo is good for breakfast and allows kids.
BarBar's address is Malostranské náměstí 40, postcode 152 00
Can I confirm you have no preference for the meal?
Can I confirm you do not care about the type of meal?
What type of food are you trying to find?
BarBar is a dinner put that serves German.
Místo is open for dinner.
Can you please give me a price range?
We have restaurants that are in all price ranges.
Please state a price range?
There is no place other than Místo that serves German food.
Café Kampus is near Stromovka, in the Karlín area.
Baráčnická rychta is located at Malostranské náměstí 25. Its phone number is 215983140
Ferdinanda's phone number if 234544903.
There are 0 restaurants that are good for breakfast and serve Mexican food.
I am sorry but there is no place other than U Konšelů that serves vegetarian food.
There are 0 restaurants in the Staré Město area in the expensive price range
A name of a vegetarian restaurant that allows children is Pivo & Basilico.
There are 3 Italian restaurants that allows kids.
Please specify where you want to close to?
There is another Mexican restaurant that allows kids named Švejk Restaurant that is near the Stromovka.
The price range of Ananta is moderate.
Are you interested in breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
The Kočár z Vídně is in the moderate price range.
Ferdinanda is an expensive restaurant that allows kids.
Kočár z Vídně is in the Vinohrady area, the address is Újezd 12.
U Tučňáků is the only place that serves brunch in Karlín.
Green Spirit serves brunch at a moderate price on Vinohrady.
There is only Ferdinanda allows kids and serves brunch on Hradčany at a moderate price.
U Konšelů allows kids, number is 251087582
Are you looking for a restaurant that serves breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner?
Pivo & Basilico is the only place for dinner near TV Tower. It does not allow children.
Baráčnická rychta is located at Karmelitská 13. The postcode is 119 00. The phone number is 233436936.
U Tučňáků is a nice restaurant that is good for breakfast and allows children.
The address of Green Spirit is Tržiště 26 and the phone number is 239938607 and the postcode is 164 00.
There are no German lunch restaurants.
Místo serves Chinese for lunch.
Pivo & Basilico, is a moderately priced restaurant that is good for lunch.
I do not know what food type U Konšelů serves.
U Tučňáků is a moderately priced Asian restaurant that is good for lunch.
I found the Pivo & Basilico restaurant that serves German.
The name of the restaurant is U Tučňáků. They have 2 locations in Hradčany. Their phone number is 272538372.
Baráčnická rychta offers Chinese food for dinner
Ferdinanda is a cheap restaurant.
The restaurant U Konšelů is moderately priced.
Café Kampus serves moderately priced French food.
There are 3 restaurants in the area serving moderately priced Turkish food.
Are you hungry for breakfast, brunch, lunch. Or dinner?
How else can I help?
Ananta restaurant offer Asian food of moderate prices
What is the price range you want
You can go to U Tučňáků also providing French food but with moderate prices
The Kočár z Vídně restaurant
Pivo & Basilico is near Wenceslas Square, phone number is 284732101
Can I confirm you are requesting food places.
Can I confirm it is in the Hradčany area that you would like food places at?
There is the Švejk Restaurant near Charles Bridge that serves Chinese.
I have found the Café Kampus restaurant.
There are no restaurants that allow kids near TV Tower.
Café Kampus is a moderately priced restaurant.
Kočár z Vídně is in the moderate price range and located near Powder Tower
The Pivo & Basilico in the Hradčany is located at Štefánikova 17.
Can I ask for your price range?
There are 3 good Indian restaurants in moderate price range.
Are you looking for a place serving breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner?
There are 3 good Italian restaurants in the moderate price range.
The restaurant Ananta serves Czech food.
There are 13 Italian restaurants.
Švejk Restaurant is in your cheap price range.
Café Savoy's address is Žatecká 22. The restaurant's phone number is 244431041.
There are actually 72 restaurants that fit your price range of cheap?
What part of the city are you interested in?
Again, there are 72 restaurants in the cheap price range.
What type of food are you interested in?
Místo restaurant serves Czech food.
Ananta is a nice restaurant that serves Indian food and is good for dinner.
Kočár z Vídně is in the Nusle area and serves French food and is good for dinner.
Švejk Restaurant does not allow kids and is near Stromovka.
BarBar is good for dinner.
Ananta is in the Dejvice area in the cheap price range and allows children.
Café Savoy serves indian food or indpak.
Would you prefer Italian food?
There is the U Konšelů. It is good for brunch
The Café Kampus is in Smíchov their address is Tržiště 43
BarBar serves Mexican and is moderately priced
Baráčnická rychta is located in Smíchov
What type of food do you want?
I found 218 restaurants serving any food type.
Pivo & Basilico is a Mexican restaurant near Charles Bridge and in Malá Strana.
Green Spirit is a nice restaurant that serves Indian food and does not allow children.
I am sorry but there is no place other than Švejk Restaurant that serves French food for dinner and does not allow children.
Baráčnická rychta is located in the Nusle.
The name of the restaurant is Ananta.
Is there an area you prefer?
I have found the Café Savoy that serves Asian.
The Ananta is in the Smíchov area and the price is between 70 and 110 Kč.
Baráčnická rychta is a nice restaurant for you.
The only restaurant I can find is the Ananta and the price is between 7 and 11 euro.
Švejk Restaurant severs French but does not allow children
The price range for Green Spirit is moderate
The price range of Ferdinanda is between 150 and 290 Kč.
Bye now
The Baráčnická rychta is located in the area of Smíchov and has a moderate price range.
There are 4 restaurants in the Hradčany area with a moderate price range.
Are there kids allowed?
The Švejk Restaurant is in the Žižkov area with a moderate price range and allows kids.
The U Konšelů is at Újezd 7 140 00. Their phone number is 230508161.
U Konšelů allows kids and serves Chinese food.
Místo allows kids and serves Asian.
U Konšelů's number is 234900086
Let me confirm, are you looking for Chinese food?
The Pivo & Basilico is a cheap Turkish restaurant.
Ferdinanda is a restaurant that serves Asian food and is great for dinner.
U Konšelů is in Nusle and the address is Karmelitská 43.
U Konšelů serves German and is good for dinner.
2 restaurants serve French for dinner.
U Tučňáků is in the Nusle area at Tržiště 38.
I would suggest Ferdinanda. The food is cheap.
I would suggest BarBar as a good restaurant for dinner in Malá Strana for cheap food.
I would recommend Baráčnická rychta, a nice restaurant
The name is Café Kampus, the area is Karlín, and the phone number is 284637831
Can you specify you preferred price range?
The restaurant is called Baráčnická rychta.
Café Kampus can be found at Náprstkova 11.
I am sorry I did not find any restaurants that does not allow children near the Old Town Square good for lunch.
BarBar is a nice restaurant that allows children near Powder Tower.
U Tučňáků is a good lunch place that allows kids near TV Tower.
There are 0 expensive restaurants in the Nusle area.
There are 0 restaurants in the Hradčany area that serve American.
There are 0 restaurants that serve Turkish in Karlín.
There are 4 good restaurants for lunch near Wenceslas Square.
What type of food would you like to eat?
Baráčnická rychta is a Asian restaurant good for lunch near Charles Bridge.
BarBar is located at Náprstkova 48 and costs between 50 and 100 Kč.
Green Spirit is located at Újezd 38, phone number is 240551927
Can I help you with anything else?
There are 2 restaurants that serve Italian food in the expensive price range
Místo does not allow children and serves vegetarian food in the expensive price range.
What kind of food?
I have 218 restaurants to pick from if you do not care about the food type.
What is the price range?
Pivo & Basilico is in Karlín and the price range is cheap for French food.
I know of an expensive restaurant named Ananta, that does not allow children.
There is no restaurant good for eat expensive breakfast.
Místo is expensive
There are 2 expensive restaurants near Prague Castle.
What kind of food do you want?
Café Savoy offers expensive Turkish near Prague Castle.
There is no place other than Ferdinanda that are expensive near to Powder Tower.
There is a nice restaurant called Ferdinanda that does not allow kids, is good for dinner, and serves French food
Ferdinanda is expensive and is located at Malostranské náměstí 23 and their phone number is 215517959
Baráčnická rychta serves Chinese food, and is in the Karlín area.
The phone number for the restaurant Green Spirit is 274676493.
I have found the restaurant Ferdinanda recommended for dinner in the cheap price range.
Sorry, Ferdinanda is near Powder Tower.
I know of 3 cheap restaurants near Old Town Square.
Ok, I found the Café Savoy near Prague Castle for a cheap dinner.
The Švejk Restaurant serves Turkish food, and is located at Malostranské náměstí 30.
The Ferdinanda is good for lunch and is near Stromovka.
The Ferdinanda is in the area of Nusle.
The Café Kampus is located at Žatecká 34.
The price at the BarBar is 150 Kč.
Švejk Restaurant is an expensive restaurant that serves lunch.
U Tučňáků has locations in Vinohrady.
I apologize, but there is no place other than BarBar that serves lunch and is expensive.
Lunch or dinner is served at BarBar. Their phone number is 250915469.
The price is between 260 and 340 Kč at Ananta.
Café Savoy is an expensive Asian restaurant
2 restaurants in the expensive price range and German
What area do you want to be near?
What price range would like
They is a nice restaurant called Café Kampus
There is a nice restaurant called U Tučňáků
What do you mean
What would you like
I apologize, but Café Kampus is the only restaurant serving German food.
The phone number for Café Savoy, located at Štefánikova 2, is 267412684.
The Green Spirit, in the Malá Strana area, allows children and is moderately priced.
Did you want a restaurant that allows children?
Do you have a price range preference?
There are 239 restaurants to pick from if you do not care about the price range.
There are 239 restaurants of any price range.
What meal are you hungry for?
What meal sound good?
Café Kampus restaurant does not allow children and is in the moderate price range and is near Petřín Tower.
The food served at U Konšelů is Mexican.
There are 239 restaurants serving any kind of food.
BarBar is a nice Chinese restaurant in the cheap price range and is in the Hradčany area.
What price range do you want?
I have found 239 restaurants in any price range.
Can I confirm you are requesting food?
I have found the Pivo & Basilico that is moderately priced and serves Turkish food and is good for lunch.
There is no restaurant good for lunch that serves vegetarian food
Pivo & Basilico is the restaurant serves Mexican.
Green Spirit serves good lunch.
The phone number of BarBar is 235298252. It located in Smíchov.
Thank you good bye
I apologize, Ferdinanda is the only expensive Italian food restaurant near Wenceslas Square
May I ask what price range you are looking for?
What price range please?
Ananta has cheap prices.
BarBar is a nice restaurant with Italian
Sorry but there is no place other than the restaurant Green Spirit for French
The restaurant Green Spirit is a good place for Mexican and lunch
The restaurant Ferdinanda can be found at Kaprova 4, the average price for a meal is 220 Kč, the phone number is 291793509
Baráčnická rychta is a nice restaurant near Wenceslas Square.
U Tučňáků near Prague Castle is good for dinner.
Kočár z Vídně is a Italian restaurant at Tržiště 16. The phone number is 225564912. I do not know whether they allow kids.
Green Spirit serves American and does not allow children.
The phone number for Ferdinanda, located in Karlín, is 261479644
Místo is an expensive restaurant that is good for lunch
The Kočár z Vídně restaurant's address is Kaprova 21 and the phone number is 269006052
What type of food do you like?
There are 239 restaurants that serve any kind of food.
Are you looking for a restaurant that allows children?
BarBar is a Chinese restaurant that allows children.
BarBar is near Petřín Tower at Štefánikova 27.
There are no restaurants near the Hradčany.
There are 239 restaurants if the price range does not matter.
The restaurant BarBar serves Czech is is moderately priced.
The restaurant U Konšelů is in postcode 131 00.
I am sorry, I did not find any restaurants that allows kids and serve Indian.
No, U Tučňáků does not allow children.
Baráčnická rychta is in moderate price range.
The name of the restaurant is hakka.
Baráčnická rychta is in the are of Malá Strana.
U Tučňáků is in Malá Strana and is a good place for dinner.
U Tučňáků does allow children.
I apologize, there are no restaurants besides Green Spirit in Dejvice.
There is a place called Baráčnická rychta that has a cheap price range and is near Stromovka
Kočár z Vídně and is good for lunch or dinner
What else can I help you with?
0 restaurants are good for brunch that serves Asian
Baráčnická rychta is at Újezd 2 priced between 180 and 550 Kč. Their number is 227383604
Please confirm Hradčany.
Please select your preference for child friendly atmosphere.
Please confirm you do not want a child friendly restaurant.
Please confirm your preference for child friendly restaurant.
There are 135 restaurants where kids are not allowed
Please specify your area of interest.
There is a nice restaurant named Kočár z Vídně and children are not allowed.
Kočár z Vídně serves moderately priced Asian
The phone number for Švejk Restaurant is 238832831. It is good for dinner.
There are no restaurants in Žižkov that serve Mexican
BarBar is a kid friendly vegetarian restaurant.
There are 3 kid friendly French restaurants.
Please specify the location you want to be near?
Pivo & Basilico is a kid friendly Czech restaurant near the Wenceslas Square.
Švejk Restaurant is at Národní 17
Teh phone number for Café Savoy is 280901684.
Green Spirit is moderately priced.
I have found 4 restaurants where children are allowed and in the area of Hradčany and good for lunch.
I am looking for a restaurant in the civic center
That allows children and is good for lunch
Ferdinanda is a good place for dinner.
Baráčnická rychta is a good restaurant for you.
Café Kampus is a great restaurant.
Are you looking for German food?
Café Kampus is a good restaurant that serves dinner and serves Chinese food
Just doing my job.
U Tučňáků is a cheap restaurant located in Karlín that allows children.
0 restaurants are good for breakfast that serve Czech
Green Spirit is good for breakfast and serves American
U Konšelů address is Štefánikova 34 and the number is 278226166
How about the Café Savoy? It is in the cheap price range, it serves German food, and it does allow children.
You are quite welcome. Goodbye.
There are 7 restaurants nearby that serve Italian
The prices for Pivo & Basilico are between 110 and 150 Kč.
Sorry, you do not care about the price range or you want it cheap?
There are 0 moderately priced restaurants in Nusle.
Pivo & Basilico is a cheap restaurant in Staré Město.
Pivo & Basilico is moderately prices and does not allow kids
77 restaurants do not allow kids in the moderate range
Breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner?
U Tučňáků does not allow kids and is moderately priced
Café Kampus is near Petřín Tower priced between 150 and 220 Kč
77 restaurants that do not allow kids in the moderate range
Café Savoy is in the Karlín area and is cheap.
Místo serves Indian, the phone number is 238565608.
What sort of price range are you looking for?
May I confirm that the price range does not matter?
What price range would you prefer?
Are you looking for a restaurant that allows children or not
The Kočár z Vídně has brunch and allows children.
The Švejk Restaurant is located in the Malá Strana area. The phone number is 252401506.
Can I confirm that you do not care the food type?
There is a nice restaurant called BarBar that is a vegetarian near Prague Castle
There is Café Savoy that serves Italian food near Stromovka
Ananta is in Hradčany area and the address is Újezd 21
BarBar near the Powder Tower area should work.
Café Savoy is a moderately priced restaurant located near the Wenceslas Square area
Ferdinanda is located in the area of Smíchov. Its address is Malostranské náměstí 9
Okay. There are 239 nice restaurants if the price range does not matter.
No restaurant in Smíchov that offers Turkish food
Pivo & Basilico near Stromovka offers Italian food
Green Spirit restaurant prices are cheap
Is there a particular type of food you are looking for?
The Green Spirit serves French food.
I am sorry there is no French restaurant in the Žižkov area.
Can you tell me the price range of restaurant you are looking for?
BarBar is serving French food
Švejk Restaurant is serving vegetarian food near the TV Tower
Ananta is a nice restaurant in Smíchov
Yes, U Konšelů is moderately priced.
The address for Kočár z Vídně is Karmelitská 31, in the area Nusle
Sorry, there are no other places in Staré Město besides U Tučňáků
Baráčnická rychta is near Charles Bridge and allows kids.
You can call BarBar at 236422922.
Pivo & Basilico is near Malá Strana.
Green Spirit is expensive and does not allow kids, they serve Chinese food.
What food type are you looking for?
Bund shangair restaurant is a Czech restaurant
I am sorry but there is only BarBar that serves Czech food
What can I help you with?
Kočár z Vídně is expensive and allows children
Café Kampus is in the Staré Město area, their address is Kaprova 36, and their phone number is 252340105.
Café Kampus is a cheap restaurant that is near the Prague Castle.
Ananta is a nice restaurant that serves Italian food. It is located at Tržiště 42 and the phone number is 251646299.
Ferdinanda is near Prague Castle food and serves Asian
Café Savoy is near Old Town Square and serves Chinese
There are 218 restaurants if you do not care about the food type.
Green Spirit is in Smíchov. Their food is American.
Místo's address is Kaprova 6. Their number is 255333363
There are 4 restaurants that allow children and are in the expensive price range.
What location would you like the restaurant to be near?
I did not find any restaurants in the Karlín area that serve Indian food.
I did not find any restaurants that serve Indian food and do not allow children.
I am sorry I did not find any restaurants in the Malá Strana area that serves Czech food.
What location are you looking near?
Místo is an expensive restaurant in the Karlín area
The address for U Konšelů is Náprstkova 37. The phone number is 291984216. The price range is between 220 and 300 dollar.
I apologize, there are no other places that serve Chinese food than BarBar
Would you like to be in the Smíchov area?
U Konšelů near Old Town Square serves American
The address for Baráčnická rychta is Karmelitská 50 and the postcode is 157 00
Can I confirm you are looking for a cheap restaurant?
There are 72 cheap restaurants in Hradčany.
Švejk Restaurant is a nice restaurant near the Wenceslas Square that allows kids and is good for dinner
I apologize, BarBar is the only restaurant near the Powder Tower that allows kids and is good for dinner
What location are you looking in?
Café Kampus is in the Dejvice
Ananta is a nice restaurant in the Žižkov areas, allows kids, and is good for dinner
Café Savoy prices are between 110 and 290 Kč
Café Savoy serves dinner in the Malá Strana and allows kids in the restaurant.
Švejk Restaurant is located at Žatecká 26 and the phone number is 285302150.
Would you like a restaurant that serves breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
There are 239 restaurants that serve all meals.
Are you looking near a specific location?
Are you looking for a certain type of food?
Ferdinanda restaurant serves Czech food for lunch.
Kočár z Vídně serves American food for dinner.
There are 7 restaurants that serve German food for all meals.
Are you looking for a certain location?
Sorry would you like a restaurant near Charles Bridge?
Pivo & Basilico is a moderately priced himalayan food restaurant
Café Savoy is located at Žatecká 39 in Žižkov area
We have 2 restaurants that would be good places to go for brunch with children.
Do you want to eat breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
The Café Savoy restaurant has moderate prices, too.
Are you certain that you want to look for restaurants serving cheap food?
There are 2 restaurants serving cheap Indian food.
Which particular location you want to be close to?
Green Spirit is a kid friendly restaurant that serves cheap Czech food.
The name of this restaurant is Kočár z Vídně.
Thank you. There is Baráčnická rychta.
What part of the city are you looking for? Please.
I checked. U Tučňáků allows children.
I also checked the latin restaurant called Kočár z Vídně and children are not allowed.
The phone number for U Konšelů is 288982505 and the postcode is 142 00.
There is a nice restaurant called Kočár z Vídně which is near Old Town Square.
The address of Kočár z Vídně is Újezd 44, Dejvice
What type of food are you looking for in particular?
Ok. Do you want a restaurant in the Vinohrady?
I have found U Konšelů, which serves German near Wenceslas Square.
I can recommend Café Savoy.
I have found the Švejk Restaurant restaurant fits what you are looking for.
Sorry, but I cannot find any restaurants near Prague Castle which allow children.
There are 72 restaurants in the cheap price range.
There are 2 restaurants that are good for breakfast if the price range does not matter.
The Ananta is cheap and good for breakfast.
The Café Kampus's address is Malostranské náměstí 10.
The Kočár z Vídně is a nice restaurant.
Pivo & Basilico is good restaurant for dinner
Baráčnická rychta is a good restaurant for dinner that serves Indian
The address of Místo is Malostranské náměstí 29. The phone number is 260605918
There are no moderately priced restaurants in the Dejvice area which allow children.
BarBar is an expensively prices restaurant in the Karlín area.
What area you looking for
Ferdinanda is vegetarian food in Karlín area.
Green Spirit's address is Kaprova 10. Their phone number is 235871449
Místo is a nice restaurant in Hradčany area.
Ferdinanda is near the Charles Bridge area.
There are no restaurants in the Smíchov area.
Café Savoy is a nice restaurant good for dinner.
I have found the BarBar that allows kids and is priced cheap.
Are you sure that you want to find restaurants near TV Tower?
Can I help with anything else?
The Místo is in the Nusle.
There are 89 other restaurants that are good for dinner and allow kids.
Ferdinanda has good Italian dinner and allows kids.
Kočár z Vídně offers Indian dinner near Old Town Square and allows kids.
Švejk Restaurant is near Old Town Square and allows kids. It is good for dinner and serves vegetarian food
U Konšelů is located at Tržiště 15 153 00. Phone number is 251025000.
Café Savoy is near Charles Bridge that does not allow children
Švejk Restaurant is in the area of Vinohrady, its phone number is 291728700
Café Kampus is good for dinner and Turkish.
Can I ask you around what price range you would like?
The restaurant count is 94 and children are allowed.
What area are you interested in?
No children are allowed at Café Savoy restaurant.
The restaurant count is 135 and no kids are allowed.
What price range are you interested in?
There are 239 restaurants at all price ranges.
Do you prefer a restaurant that allows kids or 1 that does not allow kids?
Švejk Restaurant is moderately priced, allows children, and is in the Žižkov area.
I would recommend Green Spirit. They serve Chinese
The address for Café Kampus is Náprstkova 20, and the area is Staré Město
Ferdinanda is a moderately priced restaurant that allows kids near the Charles Bridge area.
Can I confirm if you are looking for a restaurant near Powder Tower?
Pivo & Basilico is a nice restaurant near Charles Bridge that is moderately priced and allows kids.
Are you still looking for a restaurant near the Powder Tower area?
I apologize, U Konšelů are the only moderately priced restaurants that allow kids near the Prague Castle.
U Tučňáků is located at Tržiště 37 114 00 and their phone number is 254253764.
Glad to help. Goodbye.
There are 3 restaurants in the Žižkov area.
Ferdinanda is on the expensive hide.
Baráčnická rychta is rather expensive.
There are no restaurants in the Smíchov area that are expensive.
Where is it close by?
There are 239 restaurants if you do not care about the meal and area.
Švejk Restaurant in Hradčany serves French food and does not allow children
Are you asking for the phone number for Pivo & Basilico restaurant?
I know of 218 different restaurants if you do not care about the food type.
There are 218 restaurants in any price range if you do not care about the food type.
What area are you looking in?
There are 218 restaurants serve any meal in any area if you do not care about the food type.
Green Spirit is good for breakfast. It is cheap, Asian food in the Smíchov area.
The name of the restaurant is Baráčnická rychta. The price is 150 Kč. Their phone number is 228159202.
Pivo & Basilico is near the Malá Strana
I am sorry, but there is no restaurant in the Karlín area but Ferdinanda.
U Tučňáků is a nice restaurant that does not allow children
There are 239 restaurants with no specific price range.
What kind of food would you like?
The Kočár z Vídně serves Asian food and is cheap.
The price range for the Café Savoy in between 50 and 100 Kč. The phone number is 293900424.
What price range do you prefer?
We have 239 restaurants listed in any price range.
We have 239 restaurants listed for any price range.
What area do you want?
U Konšelů is moderately priced and in the Smíchov area.
There are 72 cheap restaurants.
Would you like to dine at a restaurant that allows children?
There are 4 Czech restaurants in the expensive price range.
Would you like breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner?
U Tučňáků is an expensive Asian restaurant that serves dinner.
Just to confirm, you are looking for a moderately priced restaurant?
Yes, U Konšelů is a good restaurant for that.
Are you interested in whether they serve breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner?
What meal are you looking for?
There are 2 restaurants good for brunch.
Do you care if kids are allowed?
U Konšelů does not allow kids and is good for brunch.
The address of Ferdinanda is Národní 1, near Stromovka. The phone number is 231709332.
Green Spirit is an expensive restaurant that does not allow kids and is near TV Tower
Místo is near Smíchov and their phone number is 224686497
U Tučňáků is a nice restaurant in the Malá Strana area that is moderately priced and allows children.
Of course.
There is a nice restaurant called Green Spirit which is the moderate price range.
There is a nice restaurant in Dejvice called Ferdinanda and this restaurant is in the moderate price range.
Místo is located on Národní 46
BarBar is in Nusle the address is Tržiště 29. The phone number is 295604439
Café Kampus is a nice Asian.
I apologize, Ananta is the only Turkish restaurant there.
BarBar is located at Újezd 17, near the TV Tower.
There are 134 restaurants that are good for dinner and do not allow children.
What area would you like to dine in?
There are 134 restaurants good for dinner that do not allow children.
What is your preferred price range?
Ferdinanda is an expensive restaurant that is good for dinner and does not allow children.
Kočár z Vídně is a nice restaurant Staré Město that serves dinner.
Dining at Ananta usually costs between 180 and 440 Kč.
Do you want a restaurant that allows kids or not?
The Švejk Restaurant serves Italian food and is good for dinner.
The Café Kampus restaurant is located at Tržiště 36.
There are 3 restaurants that serve German food.
Did you want to know if kids are allowed?
Místo, the price range is cheap.
The Baráčnická rychta is near Stromovka and has a cheap price range.
The zip code for the Café Savoy is 118 00
Your welcome, goodbye.
8 restaurants serve Czech food and allow kids.
Would you like it near?
There are 0 restaurants that serve French food and are good for lunch.
Café Savoy serves Indian food and is good for lunch.
I am sorry but there is no place other than Café Kampus that does not allow children, serves Asian food, and is good for lunch.
Švejk Restaurant does not allow children, its address is Újezd 6, its phone number is 227567984, and its postcode is 169 00.
Are kids allowed?
The Ferdinanda restaurant is good for breakfast.
Café Kampus is a nice restaurant that is good for breakfast.
I am sorry but there are no places except BarBar that are good for breakfast.
There is a nice restaurant by the name of U Tučňáků that serves dinner and allows kids.
There are 89 restaurants that serve dinner and allows kids.
BarBar serves Italian food for dinner and allows kids.
BarBar is near Petřín Tower and serves Indian food for dinner and allows kids.
U Konšelů serves French food and is near Petřín Tower and also provides dinner in which kids are allowed.
Café Kampus is at Národní 25, phone number is 239156831 and postcode is 113 00
U Tučňáků is a nice restaurant in the cheap price range that is good for brunch.
There is 0 restaurant where food is Czech and is good for brunch.
Kočár z Vídně is a nice restaurant that is near Powder Tower.
The address for Café Kampus is Štefánikova 30 and the phone number is 266728940.
I have not found any restaurants with German food in Powder Tower.
I have not found any restaurants with Chinese food near TV Tower.
U Konšelů is somewhat expensive, allows children, and is open for lunch.
Baráčnická rychta is cheap and near Powder Tower
Do you want restaurants near Prague Castle?
Can I confirm you are seeking option near Old Town Square?
Café Savoy is also a cheap option near Charles Bridge
Café Savoy can be reached at 240104246 and their postcode is 167 00
Ferdinanda is a kid friendly restaurant that is a good choice for dinner.
The restaurant Green Spirit is located at Malostranské náměstí 38 in the Nusle area.
Ferdinanda is allows children
Místo is near Hradčany and allows children
Švejk Restaurant is located in 148 00
Are you looking for breakfast, lunch, or dinner?
There are 2 good restaurants that offer brunch.
Will you be bringing kids?
The Místo does not allow children, but is good for brunch.
The Ananta near TV Tower is located at Národní 3. The phone number is 290061992.
Green Spirit is near Hradčany and allows kids.
Ferdinanda is also near Dejvice and allows kids
U Tučňáků is a Turkish restaurant, located at Tržiště 33, 221353928
Pivo & Basilico is a nice restaurant in the expensive price range and it does not allow children.
Sorry would you like children to be allowed or no?
Kočár z Vídně serves moderately priced French and allows children.
BarBar is in Staré Město, the number is 250683241
Švejk Restaurant is a nice restaurant that serves Indian food.
U Tučňáků is near Old Town Square and allows children.
Sorry, the phone number for Místo is 287683166
Kočár z Vídně serves Turkish food in the moderate price range and does allow kids. And its name is.
There are 2 other restaurants that serve Chinese food in the moderate price range and allows kids.
Where would you like the restaurant to be near?
Místo is near Powder Tower and serves Italian food in the moderate price range and allows kids.
BarBar is at Žatecká 23 and the phone number is 253097360.
There are 54 restaurants that are cheap and allow children
Would you like to find a restaurant that is good for breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner
There are 54 restaurants that allow children and are cheap
U Tučňáků is a nice restaurant that serves Turkish.
Sorry, there is no place other than U Konšelů that is good for dinner and serves German.
Yes, Místo allows children and is good for lunch or dinner.
Your satisfaction is all the thanks I need. Goodbye !
There are 89 good restaurant that welcome children and serves dinner.
Would you be interested in another area?
Švejk Restaurant is an excellent restaurant that welcome children and serves dinner.
Švejk Restaurant is in the very cheap price range. The phone number is 240363997.
Enjoy your dinner.
The Místo is in the Nusle area in the cheap price range.
The Green Spirit is a good restaurant.
The Café Kampus is the only place for dinner in the north bernal heights area in the cheap price range.
The phone number for the U Konšelů near the TV Tower area is 287472686.
U Tučňáků serves German food, the number is 291822638
Ferdinanda is in the cheap price range and is near Prague Castle.
What price range would you like?
There is a nice restaurant called Café Kampus near Dejvice.
A Turkish restaurant in Dejvice is Ananta.
Green Spirit's phone number is 296028838 and the postcode is 152 00.
Can I confirm that you do not care what food they serve?
U Tučňáků serves Italian food in Dejvice.
Do you not care what food they serve?
The Ferdinanda serves German for dinner.
Yes, the Green Spirit does allow children.
U Konšelů is located in Hradčany, the phone number is 264165998.
Green Spirit is in Smíchov, their number is 243557602
Café Savoy is located in Karlín and allows children.
I know of 2 restaurants good for brunch.
U Tučňáků is located at Štefánikova 29. The phone number is 290525214.
The Green Spirit is located in the Staré Město area, offers dinner, and allows kids.
Baráčnická rychta is near Charles Bridge and its phone number is 236082053.
The Café Kampus serves dinner and is near TV Tower.
Most meals at the Švejk Restaurant are priced between 50 and 150 dollar.
There are 233 restaurants that are good for dinner
U Tučňáků allows children, the phone number is 215920806
May I ask what type of restaurant you are looking for?
There are 218 restaurants if you do not care what food they serve.
There is a Indian restaurant called Café Kampus in the Malá Strana area.
I have found 218 restaurants that serve a variety of food.
I have found 218 restaurants serve any meal if the food type is not an issue.
What area would you like me to search?
I am sorry. Just to confirm. You are looking for a restaurant good for any meal?
I have found 218 restaurants serve any food if you do not care the food type.
Goodbye. Thank you.
A good option would be U Konšelů which is a moderately price vegetarian shop that does not allow children
Café Kampus is a great place for dinner
Green Spirit is a moderately priced kids friendly restaurant.
BarBar is near Old Town Square and in the Dejvice area. It is phone number is 236412057.
Green Spirit is in the Dejvice area and the address is Malostranské náměstí 31.
There are 239 restaurants in all price ranges.
What is the area you looking for?
Ferdinanda is in the area of Staré Město and it is in the moderate price range.
Café Kampus is near Charles Bridge and its address is Kaprova 46.
Café Savoy serves a cheap lunch and does not allow kids.
There are 3 more cheap restaurants that are good for lunch and do not allow kids.
Where is it near by?
Pivo & Basilico, which is cheap, good for lunch, and does not allow kids, is located near Old Town Square.
U Konšelů's address is Náprstkova 34 and the phone number is 216990599.
What price range is OK for you?
Kočár z Vídně is in your price range of cheap
Can I help you with any more information?
Is there any other information you would like?
Can I help you with any other information?
Its name is Švejk Restaurant and is a nice restaurant
I apologize, no other restaurant except Ferdinanda that serves Italian
There is a Indian restaurant called Kočár z Vídně that would be good for dinner.
There is a 2 restaurants good for any meal and serves German food.
Do you want it child friendly?
The restaurant's name is U Konšelů and is open for dinner serving Italian that kids are not allowed.
Sorry, I have checked, there are no other Turkish restaurants except Místo.
Švejk Restaurant's phone number is 210370373. May I help you with anything else?
Baráčnická rychta is a French restaurant that is moderately priced
There are 3 moderately priced Asian restaurants
Do you need any more assistance?
Kočár z Vídně is a cheap restaurant near Petřín Tower that allows children.
Pivo & Basilico is the only cheap restaurant that allows children and is near Wenceslas Square.
The area pf Green Spirit is Smíchov.
Ananta is a cheap restaurant that serves Indian food
The zip code for U Tučňáků is 140 00
Café Kampus is a nice restaurant that is cheap and serves French food
I apologize, no place except Pivo & Basilico are cheap and serve Czech food.
Café Kampus does not allow children and is good for brunch
Ferdinanda address is Štefánikova 43 and I do not know their food type.
There are 239 restaurants available if you do not care about price range.
What location would you want to be near by?
U Konšelů is at the zip code 154 00.
I am sorry but there is no place with cheap Chinese food other than Café Kampus.
I found a cheap restaurant called Kočár z Vídně
Yes, Kočár z Vídně allows kids.
No, Café Savoy that is also cheap, does not allow kids.
What kind of food are you hungry for?
The only place I found is Švejk Restaurant, it serves vegetarian.
Do you want me to look for more?
Švejk Restaurant is an expensive restaurant where kids are not allowed.
Ferdinanda is near the Powder Tower
Kids are not allowed.
Ananta is located in Kaprova 3
For cheap, kid friendly Turkish try U Tučňáků
You will find Café Savoy at Karmelitská 39
To get someone on the phone, call U Konšelů at 289589361
U Konšelů is easily found in the Staré Město area
Good day
Café Kampus serves Asian food. Its in the area of Vinohrady. Its address is Malostranské náměstí 27
BarBar is in the Smíchov area. The phone number is 264852740.
U Tučňáků is a moderately priced restaurant near Stromovka that does not allow kids.
U Tučňáků is located at Malostranské náměstí 28, and is good for lunch or dinner.
There are no restaurants in Staré Město that are good for lunch.
Kočár z Vídně has a moderate price range.
There is no moderately priced restaurant near TV Tower.
BarBar is good restaurant.
The address of Švejk Restaurant is Kaprova 26, in the area of Staré Město
Sorry, there are no restaurants in the Staré Město area that allow children and are moderately priced
Pivo & Basilico is an expensive restaurant in the Dejvice
Café Kampus is very cheap.
The BarBar is a good brunch meal and is cheap.
The Švejk Restaurant near the Petřín Tower area allows kids and serves Italian food.
The phone number to Pivo & Basilico in Malá Strana is 270565335.
Ananta is an expensive restaurant near the Wenceslas Square.
Ananta serves vegetarian food. It is located at Žatecká 6 and their phone number is 221173346.
U Tučňáků is cheap and good for brunch
Pivo & Basilico is near Stromovka. Its in the area of Staré Město. The address is Kaprova 22
What would you like to eat?
No place except Green Spirit are near you and serve American
Ferdinandas number is 244488829
BarBar restaurant is in Malá Strana and serves Mexican food
What specific price range are you looking for?
I would recommend Baráčnická rychta near Žižkov
I would recommend the restaurant Ananta
Pivo & Basilico has cheap Mexican food.
Ananta is good for lunch or dinner and can be found at Náprstkova 44.
There is Green Spirit near Stromovka.
You can find a moderately priced meal for dinner at the Švejk Restaurant near Wenceslas Square.
There are 2 moderately priced restaurants good for any meal near Stromovka.
What part of town do you want to dine in?
There are no other places that serve Czech food and allows children except for U Konšelů.
Švejk Restaurant is a nice restaurant that costs between 50 and 100 Kč per dish. It is located at Národní 41 and its phone number is 283877941.
Bye bye.
The restaurant U Tučňáků allows children.
The Kočár z Vídně serves Mexican food, allows children and is good for dinner.
The phone number for the U Konšelů, in the Nusle, is 217522689.
The restaurant is named U Konšelů
Baráčnická rychta servers Mexican food.
Is there a certain price range that you were looking for?
There is a nice restaurant nearby called alborz. It has persian cuisine and is in the moderate price range.
There are 0 restaurants near the Charles Bridge with a moderate price range.
There is a nice restaurant near TV Tower called Baráčnická rychta and it is in the cheap price range.
Švejk Restaurant is located on Újezd 38 and is located in Staré Město.
Can I help you find a restaurant by price range?
The Švejk Restaurant is a good place for a dinner that allows kids.
The restaurant Švejk Restaurant has a good dinner meal and allows kids.
There are 89 result for a restaurant with a good dinner that allows kids.
The Café Savoy is at Žatecká 15.
What type of break, brunch, lunch or dinner are you asking for.
What price range were you looking for?
Pivo & Basilico is a pretty good cheap Czech place
Kočár z Vídně is in the expensive price range that is good for dinner and serves Indian.
What meal are you looking for, breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
U Tučňáků is at Újezd 2 and the price range is between 290 and 440 Kč.
What's the price range in your mind?
Ananta is a good restaurant in the cheap price range.
BarBar is in Hradčany at the address Karmelitská 40. The phone number is 293594537.
What area would you like me to search in for a restaurant?
Please confirm that you do not care what area the restaurant is located.
How about German?
BarBar serves good Italian for dinner. It is located in Staré Město.
BarBar is near Powder Tower at Karmelitská 47. The phone number is 266139339.
Try Café Savoy, for Mexican dinner where children are not allowed.
Místo Karmelitská 19, the phone number is 238141083, and the price range is expensive.
U Tučňáků is good for breakfast, allows kids and is cheap
Can you please specify your price range?
There are 7 restaurants near Stromovka at various price ranges that are good for dinner.
Can you tell me what type of food you are interested in?
Místo is a good, cheap restaurant for dinner located near Stromovka.
Café Kampus is good for either lunch or dinner.
Where do you want it to be near to, Charles Bridge?
Ferdinanda is a Mexican restaurant that moderately priced and allows kids.
Místo serves dinner.
May I ask the price range you are looking for?
BarBar is near Old Town Square and is in the moderate price range.
The only listed restaurant near Stromovka in the moderate price range is BarBar. They are open for dinner.
You can get dinner between 150 and 220 Kč at Místo.
I found 6 restaurants near Petřín Tower.
Are you interested in a certain type of food?
The Baráčnická rychta restaurant is near Powder Tower.
The Švejk Restaurant restaurant is located at 4039 on 18th street.
Švejk Restaurant is the name of a restaurant.
Baráčnická rychta is in the cheap price range, does not allow children, and is good for brunch.
I am sorry but there is no place other than Kočár z Vídně that is in the cheap price range, that does not allow kids, and is a good place for brunch.
The Green Spirit is near Powder Tower.
U Konšelů postal code is 116 00.
There are 72 restaurants if you want it to be cheap.
Pivo & Basilico is cheap. They serve American.
What price range are you seeking?
I am sorry, what price range would you like?
There are 239 restaurants for any price range
What area would you like?
Café Savoy offers cheap prices near Wenceslas Square
Almost 150 Kč in Green Spirit
There are 0 restaurants that allow children and serve French food.
There are 94 restaurants that allow kids.
U Konšelů in Žižkov allows kids.
Green Spirit Turkish food, there phone number is 292452758.
The Baráčnická rychta is in the cheap price range, allows children, and serves American food.
Ananta is a nice restaurant near Stromovka that does not allow children.
Café Savoy is located in Dejvice and its phone number is 232941890.
Green Spirit is a good restaurant for dinner that serves vegetarian and is near the Petřín Tower.
U Konšelů in the Vinohrady serves Mexican food
Sorry, Místo does not allow children
I recommend Ananta.
Green Spirit is a nice restaurant in the Dejvice area
The phone number for Kočár z Vídně is is 282902044. It is located at Újezd 26
Ananta is a Turkish restaurant that serves lunch.
BarBar is a cheap restaurant. Its address is Malostranské náměstí 15, and its phone number is 230486403.
Místo is a nice restaurant in Dejvice that allow kids to dine at dinner.
Green Spirit is located at Žatecká 24 and can be reached at phone number 229633052.
U Konšelů is good for dinner and near Wenceslas Square
There are 3 restaurants near Old Town Square and good for dinner.
Did you wonder if children are allowed?
Pivo & Basilico serves good dinner near Old Town Square and does not allow children.
U Konšelů is in Vinohrady, its address is Újezd 43.
Švejk Restaurant allows kids and is good for lunch.
I am sorry but are you looking for a good place to eat lunch?
I have found 12 restaurants that are good for lunch and are moderately priced.
I am sorry but are you looking for restaurants where kids are allowed?
Pivo & Basilico allows kids, is good for lunch, and is a moderate price range.
Ferdinanda is a nice restaurant that allows kids, is good for lunch, and is a moderate price range.
Thank you. Enjoy your meal. Goodbye.
U Tučňáků is a nice restaurant that allows children.
Pivo & Basilico has moderate prices near Wenceslas Square
Green Spirit restaurant is a nice restaurant.
Kočár z Vídně phone is 231329849.
Café Kampus restaurant is good for dinner
You are welcome bye
U Tučňáků is an expensive restaurant that serves sea food.
Ananta is an expensive restaurant that serves Italian.
Can I confirm that you would like Mexican?
The Švejk Restaurant's telephone number is 242450057
Café Savoy is the place for you. It is moderately priced.
Then you want Café Savoy. It is in the area of Nusle and is also moderately priced.
You can reach the Café Kampus at 285445852. Yes, it does allow children.
Toodles !
Švejk Restaurant is good for breakfast, kids are allowed, and it is in the cheap price range.
Can I confirm that you do not care about area?
You do not care about the area?
I found 239 restaurants that have any price range.
Café Kampus is a cheap restaurant that has good breakfast food.
Café Savoy does not allow kids.
There are 2 restaurants in the Žižkov area that are cheap
Do you want children to able to attend the restaurant?
Can I confirm that the restaurant must be cheap?
Kočár z Vídně is a cheap, kids are allowed and its located in the Smíchov area.
Ferdinanda is located on Karmelitská 4 the average meal is 70 dollar.
Can confirm that you are looking for restaurants that allow kids?
Can I confirm that you are requesting food?
Can I confirm that you are requesting food places?
There are 239 restaurants if you do not care about the price.
What is the area you are looking for?
Café Savoy serves Indian and has a moderate price range.
I am sorry but there is only BarBar that serves Czech and does not allow kids.
Café Kampus serves moderately priced vegetarian and does not allow children.
Švejk Restaurant restaurant is in the moderate price range and serves dinner.
U Tučňáků restaurant is in the Hradčany area.
Ferdinanda restaurant is in the Vinohrady area, is in the moderate price range and is good for dinner.
There is no place besides Pivo & Basilico restaurant where children are allowed in the Dejvice area, in the moderate price range for dinner.
Green Spirit restaurant is located at Náprstkova 43 the phone number is 280219620
There are 0 restaurants in Smíchov.
No restaurants are located in Nusle.
You would like to search Hradčany?
The number for Café Kampus is 280053800
Green Spirit is located in either Žižkov.
Café Savoy is near Petřín Tower, does not allow kids and is expensive
Baráčnická rychta is priced between 300 and 580 Kč and their phone number is 214382082
Which price range do you prefer?
There is a nice restaurant called BarBar that serves American food and does not allow children.
The phone number Café Kampus is 219813576. It is in Karlín, and its address is Štefánikova 16.
BarBar is located in the Malá Strana area and the phone number is 216032016.
U Tučňáků has cheap food
Ananta near Charles Bridge offers cheap food.
Ferdinanda serves meals for 220 Kč. The phone number is 281821366
There is a russian restaurant nearby called Místo but it is very expensive.
There are 51 russian restaurants nearby that are very expensive.
There is a nice restaurant called U Konšelů in the Žižkov
There are 0 Turkish restaurants that are expensive in your area.
The address for BarBar is Náprstkova 20. The phone number is 279886128 and the zip is 121 00.
Green Spirit is a Turkish restaurant near Prague Castle and it allows children.
Švejk Restaurant is in the area of Žižkov and the phone number is 259464292.
Can I confirm that you do not care about the price range?
Where would you like a restaurant?
I have found a nice restaurant called BarBar.
Could you provide any more information?
Café Kampus is a good restaurant for lunch, does not allow children and it moderately priced.
The address for Green Spirit is Újezd 30. The price is around 220 Kč. The phone number is 217976305
Are you looking for a moderately priced restaurant?
I found 3 cheap Turkish restaurants.
Are you asking if children are allowed?
I cannot find any Asian restaurants that do not allow kids.
Would you like a restaurant where kids are allowed?
BarBar allows kids and serves dinner.
U Tučňáků is in Smíchov, address is Štefánikova 22.
Can I confirm you do not care about the price range?
Ferdinanda is an expensive restaurant near Wenceslas Square.
Ananta has vegetarian
Ananta is a nice restaurant fits you.
Café Savoy is a moderately prices restaurant
Pivo & Basilico is in Hradčany. The phone number is 291236189
Is there anything more I can do?
Goodbye have a great time
Baráčnická rychta is a cheap restaurant near the Wenceslas Square
The Green Spirit restaurant serves American food and is near the Stromovka area.
The address to Café Kampus is Národní 44. The price is between 90 and 130 dollar. The phone number is 240988802.
U Konšelů is near the Charles Bridge and serves Mexican food.
Švejk Restaurant is in the Karlín. Call 240995159.
Were you interested in knowing finding a restaurant that allows kids?
The restaurant U Konšelů does not allow kids and serves German food.
The restaurant U Konšelů is in the Smíchov
Švejk Restaurant allows kids, is near the Prague Castle and is great for dinner
The postal code for BarBar is 166 00
Would you like to dine for breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner?
Café Kampus is a moderately price Turkish restaurant that is good for lunch.
Ferdinanda is a good restaurant for lunch in your expensive price range.
Ananta is a nice restaurant that serves Turkish food and is in the cheap price range.
I am sorry are you wanting to know if Místo is good for lunch or dinner?
You can find Green Spirit at Národní 4, its phone number is 258039253.
Café Kampus has good dinners.
Green Spirit serves great food.
Green Spirit is the only restaurant listed serving Turkish food.
There is a nice restaurant in your expensive price range called Ferdinanda near Prague Castle.
BarBar's address is Štefánikova 34 with the phone number 232955231.
We have 2 good restaurants for breakfast
We have 2 restaurants in any price range that are good for breakfast
Baráčnická rychta serves Asian food. It is cheap and good for breakfast
There are 4 good lunch restaurants near the Prague Castle.
Pivo & Basilico has good Asian food. It is good for lunch and it is near the Wenceslas Square area.
The address of U Tučňáků is Karmelitská 11. The price range is between 50 and 100 Kč.
Baráčnická rychta is in the moderate price range and they serve Chinese food.
Café Savoy offers French
U Tučňáků is located at Kaprova 32 in Staré Město
Café Kampus allows kids and it is good for dinner.
Pivo & Basilico is in the Staré Město. It allows kids and it is good for dinner.
U Tučňáků typically costs between 110 and 290 Kč.
What food would you like?
What sort of price range would you be looking for?
Typically the prices of Místo are between 220 and 300 dollar. The address is Náprstkova 29 with a phone number of 275088246
Thank you and have a nice day
There are 2 restaurants that are good for brunch nearby.
Would you like the price range?
Would you like to hear the restaurants price range?
Unfortunately there are no Indian restaurants that serve brunch nearby.
There are 17 Asian restaurants in the area.
Would you like their price range?
The Green Spirit has Turkish food.
The Green Spirit's phone number is 249008953
The Pivo & Basilico is located in the Vinohrady area
A nice restaurant is listed as Pivo & Basilico.
The restaurant Green Spirit serves German food and allows kids.
The phone number for Baráčnická rychta is 228686102 and it is located in the Nusle area.
The restaurant U Konšelů is good for breakfast and allows children.
Ananta is in Karlín and has moderate prices.
The Baráčnická rychta provides Asian dinner for a moderate price range.
The BarBar is in Malá Strana at Kaprova 40. Their phone number is 285259471.
Unfortunately there are 0 restaurants that allow kids and serve French
Could I help any more?
I have found a restaurant called Green Spirit, which serves American food.
There is a restaurant called U Konšelů that serves American food that make a good meal for dinner.
There is another restaurant called Kočár z Vídně, which serves vegetarian food.
The restaurant has 3 star Mexican food.
Do you need to know if the restaurant allows kids?
How about Green Spirit, an expensive one?
Baráčnická rychta costs between 290 and 440 Kč and the phone number is 248816778.
There are 218 restaurants if you do not care about the food.
BarBar feature Czech food and allows kids.
Please confirm, you want a restaurant that allows children?
Místo has Chinese food and does not allow children.
Ferdinanda in Vinohrady is a good place for lunch.
Místo prices range between 150 and 220 Kč.
There is a nice restaurant named U Tučňáků, it is expensive, child friendly, and it specialized in dinner.
Please confirm if you want child friendly atmosphere.
Another restaurant is Ananta. It is child friendly, expensive and serves dinner.
BarBar is a nice restaurant in the cheap price range and allows children and is good for breakfast.
Café Savoy is located near to Charles Bridge. They offer food at a moderate price and allow kids.
Švejk Restaurant is in the Žižkov area. Their address is Štefánikova 30
Baráčnická rychta is a cheap restaurant near the Old Town Square area
Místo is Asian food.
Do you want a restaurant where children are allowed?
Let me confirm that you do not care if children are allowed at the restaurant
Sorry, you do not care if children are allowed
Café Kampus near Prague Castle serves French does not allow children
BarBar served meals costing between 150 and 330 Kč
Green Spirit serves expensive Chinese food and does not allow children.
U Konšelů is a Turkish restaurant serving food in the cheap price range.
Around which area are you looking?
The address of Pivo & Basilico is Tržiště 38, and the price is between 100 and 180 Kč.
I am to please. Goodbye !
Where are you looking nearby?
There are 218 restaurants that serve various kind of food.
Café Savoy is a Mexican restaurant near Petřín Tower that allows children.
U Konšelů is in the vicinity of the Vinohrady.
Švejk Restaurant serves Czech food and their phone number is 272841049.
Would you like a restaurant good for breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
There are 239 restaurants if you do not care the area.
There are 239 restaurants if you do not care about the area.
Místo serves Mexican food and allows children.
Kočár z Vídně is located in Žižkov, at Kaprova 19.
Café Kampus is a nice restaurant the serves vegetarian food that does not allow children.
The price for Pivo & Basilico is between 180 and 580 Kč.
Baráčnická rychta serves good American for dinner.
Café Savoy is near Prague Castle in the Hradčany are and their phone number is 242969563
Most certainly. I would like to inform you that there is a nice restaurant called Ferdinanda that has moderate prices and is located conveniently near Stromovka.
The prices for Místo range between 150 and 260 Kč.
Thank you for using parlance dialogue system. Have a nice day.
The Green Spirit is located in Karlín
Café Savoy is a nice restaurant with a moderate price range where kids are allowed.
We have 239 restaurants at various price ranges.
Would you like a restaurant that allows kids?
We are still considering 239 restaurants if you do not care the price and whether children are allowed.
Is there a type of food you prefer?
Yes. What price range are you looking for?
The Kočár z Vídně is found near TV Tower.
There are 3 places near to Powder Tower.
Do you want to know if kids are allowed?
U Konšelů is close to Prague Castle but kids are not allowed.
The address for Pivo & Basilico is Karmelitská 41. The telephone there is 276695113
The Baráčnická rychta is Mexican.
Unfortunately there are no Turkish restaurants in the moderate price range.
Sorry, what price range would you like?
Café Savoy serves French food and is in the moderate price range.
The address to U Tučňáků is Újezd 40 and price range is between 150 and 440 Kč.
Baráčnická rychta is the name of the restaurant.
Can I confirm that the meal is dinner?
Sorry would you prefer a restaurant near Petřín Tower
Can I confirm that you want a Mexican meal?
Can I confirm that you want a cheap restaurant?
U Konšelů is located at Malostranské náměstí 9, postcode 156 00
There are 239 restaurants that serve different kind of food.
Which of these meals are you interested in, breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
BarBar is a nice restaurant that serves Indian and allows children.
Ananta is an expensive restaurant and its phone number is 221806764.
I am looking for a restaurant near outer richmond
I do not care
What price range would fit your needs?
Would you like a child friendly atmosphere?
Café Kampus is a nice restaurant that is good for lunch and serves Chinese
Unfortunately there are no restaurnats that are cheap close to Petřín Tower where children are not allowed.
I am sorry, but there are not any restaurants in the Žižkov area that serve Italian.
BarBar serves vegetarian food in the Staré Město area.
The restaurant is Ananta.
BarBar serves food at a moderate price range close to the TV Tower area.
Unfortunately there are no restaurants near Old Town Square that are good for breakfast.
Sorry, would you like to find a restaurant near Charles Bridge or you do not care which area it is in?
Ferdinanda near Charles Bridge is priced between 130 and 180 Kč. Phone number is 212872465.
Do you want Turkish?
What area do you prefer? Hradčany or you do not care?
Would you like near Wenceslas Square?
Café Kampus does not allow kids and is in the Smíchov area
The Café Savoy allows children and is good for dinner.
There are 94 restaurants that allow children good for any meal.
Místo serves Indian food and allows children and is good for dinner.
Café Kampus allows children.
The phone number for Green Spirit is 243135900. The address is Tržiště 34. It serves Czech food.
I have found 36 restaurants that allow kids and are moderately priced.
I have found Baráčnická rychta that is moderately priced and allows kids and serves Asian.
The address to the Kočár z Vídně is Štefánikova 31. The price is 220 Kč, and the phone number is 210962127.
Café Savoy is a nice restaurant serving Italian food.
There is no restaurants but Ferdinanda serving French food.
Pivo & Basilico serves food good for dinner and is located at Štefánikova 27 in the Hradčany area.
Which area do you prefer, Žižkov?
I have found a restaurant that is called U Konšelů that serves American food in Smíchov.
What city, town, or neighborhood are you looking for?
Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
There are 2 restaurants which serve brunch.
U Tučňáků has a cheap brunch
I am sorry, there is only the BarBar for a cheap brunch.
Café Savoy is the only cheap brunch option available.
Have a good day
May I ask what price range you would like?
There is a nice restaurant called Baráčnická rychta which feature moderately priced food.
Unfortunately there is no moderate priced restaurant near Old Town Square.
Švejk Restaurant is a cheap restaurant close to Wenceslas Square.
The address for Pivo & Basilico is Malostranské náměstí 45, Karlín
Pivo & Basilico is a moderately priced restaurant that serves American food and is good for dinner
U Konšelů is a good for brunch and does not allow children.
The address to Kočár z Vídně is Malostranské náměstí 50.
BarBar offers Czech food.
There are 3 restaurants that offer Chinese food.
BarBar is an cheap restaurant near TV Tower that allows children.
The address for Baráčnická rychta is Kaprova 32. It is near Nusle.
There are no restaurants near Žižkov that allow children.
I cannot find any restaurants good for brunch that serve Indian.
You can find Místo at Tržiště 39, meals are between 180 and 550 Kč, and you can call them at 219331548.
Místo serves Indian and it is in the cheap price range.
The Ananta allows kids and provides dinner.
The Ananta is near to the Prague Castle.
The Pivo & Basilico provides Mexican.
You can patronize Green Spirit during lunch hour for French.
Pivo & Basilico is in the cheap range and allows children
There are no Mexican breakfast restaurants in that price range.
Švejk Restaurant is the only restaurant that serves Indian and good breakfast.
The address of Místo is Štefánikova 24 the phone number is 274994892. It is near TV Tower.
We have 135 restaurants that do not allow kids
We have 0 restaurants in the Nusle area
Švejk Restaurant is in the Staré Město area, does not allow kids, and is good for dinner.
There is a restaurant called Ananta that allows kids.
Are you looking for a restaurant in the area of Dejvice
Is there a type of food that you would like to have?
There is a nice restaurant near Petřín Tower called Café Kampus.
Švejk Restaurant is a nice restaurant nearby.
What area would you like to eat in?
The area does not matter?
A restaurant that is 135 dollar where no kids are allowed
There are no restaurants in Karlín that catch this
What is it near to?
I am sorry but Café Savoy is the only listed restaurant located in the Smíchov area.
BarBar is a good restaurant for breakfast in the Staré Město and does not allow kids
There are 4 restaurants that serve lunch in the Hradčany and children are not allowed
How much do you want to spend?
Can you give me an idea of how much you want to spend?
Baráčnická rychta is a good restaurant to have dinner.
I would recommed BarBar, a nice restaurant.
Here is a nice restaurant called Green Spirit.
There are 239 restaurants at various price ranges.
Can I confirm that you do not care about what meal they offer?
There are 239 restaurants that offer any meal at various price ranges.
What type of food are you searching for?
There are 239 restaurants that serve all meals at various price ranges.
Do you care if kids are allowed in the restaurant?
Café Kampus is an expensive restaurant located in the Vinohrady.
The address for U Tučňáků is Tržiště 9 and the phone number is 271337986 and the price is between 220 and 300 dollar.
There are 116 restaurants that are moderately priced.
Can I confirm that you are looking for a moderately priced restaurant?
Baráčnická rychta is a moderately priced restaurant in the area of Staré Město.
The address of Café Savoy is Tržiště 14, and the postcode is 112 00.
You are most certainly welcome.
What price range did you want?
What kind of price range did you want?
Any other price range you are interested in?
Goodbye. Sorry.
We have 2 restaurants listed in the Žižkov area
We have a moderately priced Café Savoy in the Staré Město area
Their phone number of Café Savoy is 262375926
Kočár z Vídně serves nice food.
U Tučňáků's address is Malostranské náměstí 9. Its phone number is 276946464.
Goodbye. Thank you for using parlance.
Sorry, there are no restaurants in Staré Město
Again, there are no restaurants in Hradčany
Well, Ananta serves American food
Místo is near the TV Tower, it is address is Žatecká 25, phone number is 291471714, and the postal code is 164 00
Would you like French food?
There is a French restaurant that is called Místo.
Do you have a preferred price range?
The typical price for Café Kampus is 220 Kč.
Would you like a restaurant near Powder Tower?
Where is it near to?
You want a Chinese restaurant, right?
U Tučňáků is cheap and kids are not allowed.
239 is a good restaurant if you do not care about the price range.
What is it near by?
Is there a price range you want?
I found 239 restaurants in any price range.
Is there a location you want the restaurant to be near by?
Try Kočár z Vídně, it serves American and is moderately priced.
There are no expensive restaurants in Nusle.
Are you looking for food?
Café Savoy is good for an expensive dinner.
I have found the U Tučňáků restaurant in the Karlín area that is moderately priced.
There are no vegetarian restaurants in the Hradčany area.
The Ferdinanda serves Mexican food and the address is Náprstkova 12.
There are no children allowed at Ananta.
The Pivo & Basilico is good for brunch and is in the Hradčany area.
Here is an excellent German restaurant called U Konšelů.
There are 17 Mexican restaurants serving french food.
Would you like to dine near a particular location?
Enjoy your dinner and we hope to assist you again.
Kočár z Vídně is a nice restaurant that allows kids and in the expensive price range
U Konšelů is a nice restaurant that serves expensive Chinese food that allows kids
There are no American restaurants except Pivo & Basilico that allow kids in the expensive price range
Café Kampus is expensive and serves French food but does not allow kids
Green Spirit is in the cheap range.
What food are you interested in?
The Green Spirit has Italian in the cheap price range.
There is no place except Pivo & Basilico for German in the cheap price range.
There are 239 restaurants with various price ranges.
You do not care what the price range is, right?
You want a cheap restaurant, right?
Do you want a cheap restaurant?
U Tučňáků is a cheap restaurant in the Žižkov area.
I found 2 restaurants that serve lunch, allow children, and are near the Powder Tower.
What kind of price range do you want?
Green Spirit is the restaurant for you. It is moderately priced, good for lunch, is near the Charles Bridge, and kids are allowed.
I also recommend Green Spirit. It is cheap, good for lunch, near the Charles Bridge, and kids are allowed.
It is located at Kaprova 49. It is price Pivo & Basilico is between 230 and 290 Kč.
U Tučňáků are the only restaurants I can find, that is good for lunch, near the Old Town Square, and allows kids.
BarBar can be reached at 263043789.
See ya !
Místo in Dejvice has a moderate price range.
Ananta is great for dinner and the phone number is 219834353
U Konšelů is a moderately priced restaurant that served Turkish food.
Would you like more information?
The address for Ananta is Karmelitská 19. The postcode is 151 00. The phone number is 223526135.
BarBar is a cheap and kid friendly restaurant.
U Tučňáků serves cheap Chinese and allows kids.
Švejk Restaurant is located in Karlín. Their number is 240615497
The Pivo & Basilico is located at Karmelitská 8 but the food type is unknown.
I am sorry, there are no cheap restaurants near Powder Tower.
Green Spirit is a nice restaurant near Powder Tower and is good for dinner.
There are 3 restaurants that are good for dinner and near Stromovka.
I am sorry, are you looking for a restaurant that allows kids or you do not care?
Pivo & Basilico is a nice restaurant that does not allow children and is near Old Town Square and is good for dinner.
There are 51 restaurants in the expensive price range that serve good dinner.
What kind of meal would you like?
The BarBar is an expensive restaurant that servers Indian for dinner.
Could you give more information?
I would like to let you know that Café Savoy is a nice restaurant close to the Petřín Tower area that is in the cheap per price range and allows children.
Pivo & Basilico in the Malá Strana area, Náprstkova 22.
I recommend Kočár z Vídně, a nice restaurant.
Sorry I cannot find any restaurant in the Karlín with kids allowed.
Green Spirit is near Old Town Square and is cheap
U Tučňáků is near Stromovka and the price range is moderate
I am sorry, I cannot find any restaurants that serve Asian food and are cheap.
I know a good place. It is called Ananta. It is cheaply priced, serves vegetarian food, and allows kids.
Místo may be reached at 225472245.
Ananta is a great place to have lunch.
I am sorry but there are no restaurants that allow children near Smíchov
Kočár z Vídně does not allow children and is located near Dejvice
Ananta is the only place near Dejvice that allows children
Místo is a nice restaurant near alamo square
Baráčnická rychta is the only restaurant near Žižkov that does not allow children
I have found the Kočár z Vídně that is moderately priced and serves German food.
The address to the U Tučňáků is Žatecká 32.
The Green Spirit fits your cheap price range.
Are you looking for a restaurant for breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
I have found only 1 cheap restaurant near Old Town Square serving French, Green Spirit.
The Kočár z Vídně near Staré Město is at Žatecká 36. The phone number is 271905427.
I am sorry, do you want breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner food?
Thank you for calling.
Baráčnická rychta is cheap near to the Nusle area.
There is no place other than Místo that is cheap near to the Staré Město area.
Ferdinanda serves American food. Their phone number is 220385142.
Are you sure that you do not care about the price range?
There are no restaurants in Dejvice that serves french food.
There are no restaurants in the Smíchov that serve french food.
Pivo & Basilico is a Indian restaurant that allows kids and is good for dinner
The price is between 50 and 100 Kč for U Tučňáků
Ananta is moderate priced.
Are you certain you would like a moderate priced restaurant?
So there is 239 restaurants at various price ranges.
Why not try U Konšelů near the TV Tower, they are cheap
You can talk to the fine folks at Café Kampus at 238017474
Místo will be found at Karmelitská 40
There is Švejk Restaurant that has a cheap price range and serves Asian cuisine.
BarBar's address is Náprstkova 29 167 00.
U Tučňáků and it is a nice restaurant.
Sorry there is no moderately priced restaurant in the Hradčany area.
It is called Café Savoy in Staré Město and is in the cheap price range.
Try Místo which is good for dinner and allows children
U Konšelů is great for dinner and also allows children
Café Kampus is a moderately priced restaurant that allows kids
There is a nice restaurant called Ananta which serves vegetarian.
Baráčnická rychta is a nice restaurant in the square.
Ananta is a nice restaurant near the square.
Green Spirit is a nice restaurant you may like.
BarBar is an expensive restaurant and good for dinner.
It is called BarBar. It is expensive and good for dinner.
I found 51 expensive restaurants that do a good dinner service.
Would you like children to be allowed?
Švejk Restaurant is expensive, good for dinner, and does not allow kids.
The BarBar is cheap and the phone number is 296377574
Goodbye and have a great day !
Švejk Restaurant is a Czech restaurant that is good for dinner.
Café Kampus is the only listed Asian restaurant that is good for dinner and does not allow kids.
What meal are your searching for, breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
I would recommend Švejk Restaurant. There are no children allowed there.
Místo is a cheap restaurant in your area.
Of course. Ferdinanda is a cheap restaurant near Stromovka.
The price of the BarBar is between 50 and 100 Kč typically.
The prices are moderate at Café Kampus.
Near Petřín Tower is Ananta which has moderate prices and is good for dinner.
There are 2 restaurants near Wenceslas Square with moderate prices that are good for any meal.
May I help you with anything else?
What price range do you want a restaurant to fall in?
Where do you want to dine?
U Tučňáků is an Turkish delhi.
Café Kampus is in the cheap price range and does allow children.
There are 54 restaurant allow children and are cheap.
Pivo & Basilico is a cheap restaurant that is good for breakfast
You are looking near the Nusle, right?
There are 7 moderately priced restaurants near the Malá Strana
Are you looking for a kid friendly restaurant?
U Konšelů is a Chinese restaurant that does not allow kids
Místo restaurant is in Hradčany
Pivo & Basilico restaurant's address is Štefánikova 15, their phone number is 288127380
The price of U Konšelů is expensive
There is a moderately priced restaurant named Café Kampus.
Are you looking for a restaurant near the Staré Město?
There are 7 restaurants near the Dejvice that are moderately priced
Would you like to know if kids are allowed?
Would you like to know about a restaurant at a specific price range?
Café Kampus serves lunch and allows kids.
94 restaurants serve all meals and allow kids.
Café Savoy serves dinner, has a moderate price range and allows kids.
Kočár z Vídně serves American food and can be found at Žatecká 47, phone number is 286194671
U Konšelů is located in Vinohrady and serves Chinese food.
U Tučňáků's prices range between 150 and 220 Kč. Their phone number is 236535248.
Would you prefer a lunch or dinner place?
There are 239 restaurants if the area doesn't matter.
The Café Kampus serves Asian food and allows kids.
The address of the Green Spirit is Štefánikova 6 and the zip code is 124 00.
Are you looking for a restaurant in the areas of Staré Město?
The Café Savoy is a Italian in the moderate price range.
Are you looking for somewhere that kids are allowed?
Baráčnická rychta allows kids, and the price range is moderate
Café Kampus serves German for dinner and does not allow kids.
Thank you, have a good day.
Thank you. Ananta is near Petřín Tower and allows children.
The Café Kampus specializes in Mexican.
I hope I have answered all your question. Thank you for calling. Good by.
Café Kampus is also another cheap Turkish restaurant.
The zipcode for Baráčnická rychta is 146 00
Another cheap American restaurant is Café Savoy
I am sorry but there are no other places that are cheap and Italian except for Baráčnická rychta
Café Kampus is near Old Town Square and serves Turkish food
I cannot find any Turkish restaurants that are good for breakfast.
Ananta is good for dinner and is located at Štefánikova 46. That is near Vinohrady.
BarBar serves Czech food and is moderately priced
Children are not allowed at Švejk Restaurant
U Tučňáků is a cheap Indian restaurant in the Hradčany area.
There are 2 cheap American restaurants in the Dejvice area
Do you want the restaurant to allow children?
BarBar is a cheap Italian restaurant that allows kids in the Karlín area.
Do you want kids allowed yes or no?
Can I confirm that the price range you are looking for is moderate?
Where would you like it to be near to?
What price range are you considering?
Can I confirm that you want a restaurant close to the Wenceslas Square area?
U Konšelů is a nice restaurant near the Charles Bridge area
Café Savoy is a nice restaurant in the Hradčany area and the address is Tržiště 4
Ferdinanda is a nice restaurant in the area
Místo restaurant address is Národní 45 and the phone number is 235590502
BarBar flies in Nusle
The restaurant Café Kampus is a kosher restaurant
The Café Savoy is good for dinner and is located at Národní 14. The phone number is 283127670 and the price is around 90.
Can I confirm you are looking for a restaurant near Prague Castle?
Green Spirit in the Staré Město address is Žatecká 1. The phone number is 294472417.
Švejk Restaurant is great for brunch and has a moderate price range.
BarBar is located on Malostranské náměstí 46 and has a price of 220 Kč.
Café Kampus is pretty cheap
Místo is a cheap restaurant in Hradčany and is open for dinner
Místo has good and cheap breakfast meals.
You can call the Pivo & Basilico at 293379213.
Baráčnická rychta usually charge between 130 and 180 Kč.
Café Savoy is expensive, and allows kids.
4 restaurants are expensive and allow kids.
Where would you like it to be close to?
U Konšelů is near Powder Tower, allows kids, and is expensive.
Call Baráčnická rychta at 294898165
Café Kampus serves a good brunch and allows children
There are no restaurants in Nusle point that allows children.
I could not find any restaurants in Malá Strana.
The Švejk Restaurant is food for dinner and allows kids.
You want to find a restaurant near where?
There are 239 restaurants that fall within any price range.
So you do not care about the price range?
What price range are you comfortable with?
So you want a cheap place to eat?
So you want somewhere cheap to eat?
Místo is a moderately priced restaurant near Charles Bridge
No, U Tučňáků does not allow kids.
Místo is a cheap restaurant that allows children.
I would recommend this restaurant, the U Tučňáků
Kočár z Vídně would be a nice choice.
Baráčnická rychta allows children and it is near Stromovka.
There are 4 restaurants that are good for dinner, allow children, and are near Petřín Tower.
Can I confirm that you are looking for a restaurant near Powder Tower?
Baráčnická rychta is near Prague Castle, it serves Italian food, it is good for dinner, and it allows children.
Kočár z Vídně is good for Chinese dinner.
Do you want a restaurant that allows kids?
There are no moderately priced restaurants near Charles Bridge.
U Konšelů is a cheap restaurants near Prague Castle.
Café Savoy is in the Hradčany are and the address is Malostranské náměstí 7.
There are no restaurants near Petřín Tower that are recommended for breakfast
I have a restaurant for you. It is named U Konšelů, children are not allowed and it specializes in breakfast.
The name of the nice restaurant is called Švejk Restaurant.
There are 218 restaurants that serve all type of food.
Švejk Restaurant serves Czech food at a moderate price range.
Ananta serves French food in the moderate price range.
Ananta serves food in the moderate price range.
Místo is a moderately priced restaurant near Powder Tower that does not allow children
Baráčnická rychta is located at Národní 13 117 00
Are you looking for something in the Žižkov area?
Kočár z Vídně is a nice restaurant that is expensive and has vegetarian food
U Konšelů is in Hradčany area
There are 2 expensive restaurants that serve Indian
Would you be interested in breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
Café Savoy is a good expensive Mexican dinner restaurant
Kočár z Vídně is in the cheap per price range.
The Baráčnická rychta offers an cheap brunch.
Sorry there are 0 Indian restaurants that are expensive.
There is a vegetarian restaurant called U Tučňáků that is in the expensive range and is good for dinner.
The address for Baráčnická rychta is Karmelitská 12 and the price is between 260 and 370 Kč. Also the phone number is 267352214
Ananta serves American food in that area
Baráčnická rychta is near Stromovka in the area of Staré Město
The only restaurant that serves Chinese food is BarBar
Are you looking for the Karlín area?
Ananta restaurant near Charles Bridge serves Mexican
The address for U Konšelů is Karmelitská 31, postcode 152 00
BarBar allows kids, but is expensive.
Baráčnická rychta is a welsh restaurant.
Unfortunately there are 0 restaurants in the Žižkov area.
Café Savoy in Žižkov allows children.
What is the price range that you see?
There are 239 restaurants that are in various price ranges.
What type of food would you prefer?
There is an American restaurant called U Tučňáků within a moderate price range.
Kočár z Vídně's phone number is 249460283. It serves moderately priced dishes.
I have found the Baráčnická rychta, which serves Italian food.
Do you want kids allowed or not?
In what area were you wanting to dine?
Please confirm you have no preference for location of the restaurant.
In the Dejvice area there is a Asian restaurant named U Tučňáků.
Ferdinanda is a nice restaurant that fits you.
The Café Kampus is the cheap price range.
To confirm, you are looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range?
The U Konšelů is located at Náprstkova 3 and it is food is priced between 50 and 100 Kč.
There is Café Kampus located near the Stromovka that allows kids and is good for dinner
Can I confirm you would like to find an expensive restaurant?
U Tučňáků is located in the Vinohrady area. Their phone number is 242537029.
Café Kampus is in Dejvice and serves American.
There is Místo which is cheap and good for dinner
Ananta allows kids and it is located at Karmelitská 3
Café Savoy near Powder Tower serves Italian food.
I am sorry, there are not any restaurants serving vegetarian food for breakfast.
The address for Baráčnická rychta is Národní 14 in Vinohrady. It is good for dinner.
The U Tučňáků allows kids and provides German food.
U Tučňáků is a nice restaurant that is in the area of Hradčany.
Sorry would you like a restaurant that allows children or no?
Kočár z Vídně is in the area of Dejvice and it does not allow children.
Can I confirm that you would like a restaurant in the area of Vinohrady?
What type of food can I help you find?
Pivo & Basilico is a nice restaurant in the Staré Město area with a moderate price range
Unfortunately 0 restaurants serve vegetarian for brunch.
Ferdinanda's number is 286624548, price is between 180 and 550 Kč and address is Kaprova 24.
Kočár z Vídně is an expensive restaurant that does not allow kids.
Unfortunately there are no expensive restaurants that are good for breakfast.
Can I help you find a restaurant near a certain location?
Can I help you find the price range for a restaurant?
There are 2 restaurants near Old Town Square that are in the moderate price range and are good for any meal.
Green Spirit is a nice restaurant that serves Turkish, it is near TV Tower, it is good for dinner, and it is in the moderate price range.
Ananta is near Charles Bridge, does not allow children, and has a moderate price range.
Baráčnická rychta is good for a Asian dinner meal.
There is no address for Café Kampus restaurant.
Are you asking for a specific price range?
The BarBar is a cafe for brunch that does not allow children
Café Savoy is near Prague Castle, good for dinner and children are not allowed.
The Švejk Restaurant servers French
U Tučňáků has a cheap price and is in Hradčany.
Café Savoy price is 110 Kč.
I found 239 restaurants that fall within any price range.
Kočár z Vídně is a German restaurant that has a cheap price range.
There is a nice restaurant near Wenceslas Square named Café Savoy, in the moderate price range.
The postcode to Kočár z Vídně is 131 00.
The Místo restaurant is located in Karlín.
I have found a restaurant called Ananta that serves Czech food and does not allow children.
The address for Pivo & Basilico is Žatecká 10, and the price is between 300 and 580 Kč.
Místo is a good restaurant for dinner that serves vegetarian food.
U Konšelů is a cheap restaurant where kids are allowed.
There are 0 restaurants that are good for brunch and are in the area of Hradčany.
U Tučňáků is served and kids are not allowed.
I don't know what dishes Švejk Restaurant serves.
I am sorry but there are no restaurants in the Vinohrady area that allow children and are in the moderate price range.
Green Spirit is near Powder Tower and in the moderate price range and allows children.
Are you asking whether a restaurant allows children?
There are 239 restaurants if you do not care whether the kids are allowed or not.
There are 239 restaurant if you do not care about the area and whether the kids are allowed.
239 restaurants if you do not care the area, what food they serve, and whether the kids are allowed.
What area specifically are you interested in?
Are you looking for a restaurant that allows kids?
I have found places that allow kids.
So you do not care about the food type?
Místo can be phone at 212213420. It is near Prague Castle, in the area of Vinohrady.
Sorry, I cannot find any expensive restaurants that serve American food
The Baráčnická rychta is an expensive restaurant that serves Chinese food for dinner
The address for the Café Kampus is Karmelitská 11, the phone number is 245420836, and the prices range between 260 and 370 Kč
There is Ferdinanda that has a moderate price range
Thank you have a great day
Unfortunately there are 0 restaurants in Dejvice that allow children.
Unfortunately there are 0 restaurants near Smíchov that allow children.
There are 2 restaurants in the area of Smíchov.
Ananta is in the area of Dejvice and is in the moderate price range.
Místo is moderately priced and allows kids.
Can I confirm that you are requesting price ranges?
The Baráčnická rychta is cheap and does not allow children.
There are no restaurants that serve French and are cheap.
There are Pivo & Basilico and Chinese.
Kočár z Vídně is in Nusle at Tržiště 15.
There are 0 restaurants that allow kids near Malá Strana.
Café Kampus allows children, it serves Mexican food, and it is good for dinner.
Ferdinanda allows children, it is good for dinner, and it serves vegetarian food.
There are 2 restaurants that do not allow children near Old Town Square.
Green Spirit serves Indian food near Prague Castle and does not allow children.
The phone number to Kočár z Vídně is 248163713 and the postcode is 165 00.
There are 233 restaurants that serve dinner
There is Kočár z Vídně that is good for dinner and is Mexican food.
Zen yai that restaurant allows kids and their phone number is 244201726
Ferdinanda is a vegetarian restaurant that does not allow children.
The address for Café Kampus is Žatecká 45. May I help you with anything else?
The postcode is 154 00 for Café Kampus.
Thank you for calling. Thank you.
The Café Kampus is a nice restaurant good for brunch.
The Café Savoy is a moderately priced restaurant.
There are no cheaply priced restaurants serving Czech food.
Green Spirit is a good meal for dinner. It is Italian and kids are allowed.
Would you like breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner to be served?
Místo is an expensive Chinese restaurant that is open for dinner.
There are 239 restaurants in any price range
Where would you like to dine nearby?
There are 239 restaurants if you do not care about the price range.
What area would you like to dine?
What meal would you like to eat?
You might be interested in BarBar.
There are 0 restaurants in the price range of cheap in Žižkov
Švejk Restaurant has a moderate price range in Smíchov
Café Kampus is good for lunch and has a moderate price range. Its located in Smíchov
U Tučňáků is in the cheap price range near Petřín Tower.
Would you like a restaurant for breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
Místo is a Turkish restaurant with moderate prices.
Unfortunately there are no restaurants serving lunch that are located near Charles Bridge.
U Konšelů is the only restaurant listed near Old Town Square.
How else may I help you?
May I further assist you?
How can I help?
The Green Spirit serves vegetarian food and allows children.
The BarBar is located near Karlín at Náprstkova 37.
What area would you like to search in?
There are 239 restaurants if you do not care about the price range and area.
I have found Pivo & Basilico, a cheap Turkish food in the Smíchov area.
The address and phone number for BarBar is Žatecká 18. The phone number is 274419218
Goodbye now
I am looking for a restaurant that
Is there a price range you prefer?
May I confirm that you want any price range?
Ananta is cheap, good for lunch and in Nusle.
Baráčnická rychta is cheap and located at Štefánikova 43.
Café Savoy is a nice restaurant good for dinner near Wenceslas Square.
What is the price range I can help you find
There are 239 restaurants if you do not care the price.
Where would you want it near to?
Can you give a price range
Pivo & Basilico serves Mexican and is a good choice for lunch.
I am sorry. I did not find any cheap restaurants in Malá Strana.
BarBar is a moderately priced restaurant in Nusle.
Kočár z Vídně is good for lunch, it is moderately priced, and it is in Karlín.
Can I confirm that you are looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range?
What area would you be looking for?
There is a nice restaurant in BarBar in the expensive price range.
There is a nice restaurant in the U Tučňáků area that service english food.
Café Savoy allows children to dine there.
Pivo & Basilico serves lunch and kids are allowed
Café Kampus is near Prague Castle, the serve dinner and allow kids
Green Spirit is near Powder Tower, they serve dinner and allow kids
U Tučňáků is a moderately priced restaurant serving vegetarian food.
I could not find a cheap restaurant for you in Malá Strana.
The Café Savoy restaurant in Malá Strana has moderate prices.
Baráčnická rychta in Staré Město has moderate prices, too.
You can find U Konšelů at Kaprova 30.
The restaurant Švejk Restaurant is a Italian restaurant.
The Kočár z Vídně is cheap and German
Another cheap American restaurant is the Café Kampus
The U Konšelů is in Vinohrady and the phone number is 223268786
Goodye
BarBar is a cheap restaurant.
U Tučňáků serves cheap breakfasts
Most meals at Pivo & Basilico are in the 150 Kč range
You are welcome.
The number of BarBar number is 263383911. They are located at Žatecká 45, near Nusle
Pivo & Basilico serves good Mexican food for dinner.
Thanks, enjoy !
Pivo & Basilico is a great dinner restaurant with a cheap price range.
There are no restaurants near Karlín.
BarBar is a good dinner restaurant in the Staré Město area.
Café Kampus is at Újezd 41 and has a moderate price range.
Ananta is a type of restaurant.
I am sorry. Místo is the only restaurant near Stromovka that is good for dinner and does not allow kids.
Of course. Kočár z Vídně is located at Újezd 29. The phone number is 226251724. Zip code 158 00.
Thank you very much. Goodbye.
There is a Café Kampus in the area that serves Mexican food.
Green Spirit is the only restaurant we have listed that serves American food.
BarBars are located near TV Tower and in the area of Žižkov.
Švejk Restaurant is a French restaurant in Staré Město.
There are 3 restaurants in Žižkov if the food type is not an issue.
Is this for breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner?
Kočár z Vídně is nearest to Prague Castle.
U Tučňáků is a nice restaurant that serves Turkish food and allows children
Baráčnická rychta also has Turkish food and allows kids
U Tučňáků is a nice restaurant serving Mexican food good for dinner.
Green Spirit is located near the Petřín Tower area.
There is a nice restaurant in the Žižkov that allows kids called Ferdinanda.
U Tučňáků is good for lunch and the food is Asian.
Ferdinanda, in Malá Strana, does not allow kids.
You can find Švejk Restaurant in Dejvice, at Malostranské náměstí 23.
There are 239 restaurants that are good for any meal
There is a nice restaurants called Ferdinandas that serves vegetarian food and is good for dinner
Kočár z Vídněs price is 150 Kč
Would you prefer breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
There is a nice restaurant named Café Kampus that has American on the menu.
I would recommend Baráčnická rychta.
I apologize, there is only Švejk Restaurant that serves Italian and doesn't allow children.
Ferdinanda has prices between 180 and 260 Kč.
I have found the Místo that is priced cheap.
I have found German restaurant called Baráčnická rychta that is priced cheap,
I have found only 1 place called Místo that serves Mexican and is cheaply priced that allows kids.
The Pivo & Basilico allows kids and is in the Žižkov area. The address is Kaprova 9 and the phone number is 280254892.
Kočár z Vídně is a good option for vegetarian at lunch time
May I ask what price range?
U Tučňáků is located at Žatecká 3. Prices range between 220 and 300 dollar and their phone number is 246064684.
How about Místo, the price range is expensive and children are not allowed.
It is a nice restaurant named Pivo & Basilico.
There are no cheap restaurants near Petřín Tower.
There are 2 restaurants that fit your request near Wenceslas Square.
Are you bringing kids?
There are 2 restaurants near Stromovka for you.
How about Ferdinanda, it is near Wenceslas Square?
U Tučňáků near the Powder Tower allows children.
Místo is a cheap vegetarian restaurant which allows children.
The name is Baráčnická rychta.
What sort of price range are you interested it?
The Café Savoy restaurant is expensive.
The Pivo & Basilico is the name of the restaurant.
What price range would you like this restaurant to be?
There are 239 restaurants with any price range.
There is a nice restaurant that serves Asian food and does not allow kids called Café Savoy. It is expensive and has a buffets.
What is your question again?
I apologize, Ananta is the only restaurant in Staré Město.
The zip code of Café Savoy is 150 00.
Do you want kids to be allowed or not?
There are 239 restaurants that do not have policys about kids
What price range are you thinking of?
There are 239 restaurants that do not have policys regarding kids
Are you thinking of breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
The Ananta is a cheap price restaurant near Wenceslas Square.
No children are allowed in BarBar.
The area of Café Kampus is Nusle.
There are no restaurants that serve American and are expensively priced.
Švejk Restaurant serves Italian close to Charles Bridge.
0 restaurants serve vegetarian for breakfast.
Ananta serves dinner in Vinohrady, address is Karmelitská 4.
Švejk Restaurant is good for a moderately priced brunch and allows kids.
You may call the U Tučňáků at 236591571.
Thank you. What price range are you interested in?
There is also the Kočár z Vídně in the moderate price range.
I also see a restaurant named U Tučňáků in the moderate range.
What area were you looking for?
I found 2 restaurants in the cheap price range near Vinohrady.
Do you want this restaurant to allow kids?
Do you want it to be in the cheap price range?
Green Spirit is my recommendation. It is in the cheap price range, kids are allowed, and it is in the area of Vinohrady.
Místo is located at Národní 46. It costs 70.
The restaurant U Tučňáků is cheap and kids are allowed
There are 54 restaurants allow kids and are cheap
The Švejk Restaurant restaurant is near by
Would you like to bring your children? Yes or no?
Would you confirm that you would like to bring your child?
Café Savoy serves Asian and it is good for lunch.
Baráčnická rychta is good for dinner in the Žižkov area.
There are no expensive restaurants close to TV Tower area.
Pivo & Basilico is near the Prague Castle and has a moderate price.
Café Kampus is a nice restaurant in the Vinohrady area and has moderate prices.
U Konšelů is near Old Town Square and is located at Národní 14.
Ananta serves Indian food is in the moderate price range.
Café Kampus is in the Dejvice, address is Tržiště 14
Kočár z Vídně is good for dinner, it serves Chinese
Café Kampus is located in the area of Žižkov
Ferdinanda is moderately priced in the Hradčany area and does not allow kids
Místo is near Wenceslas Square. Its address is Karmelitská 20
No place other than U Tučňáků who does not allow kids with a moderate price range in the Smíchov area
Ferdinanda is a moderately priced vegetarian restaurant near TV Tower.
Ferdinanda has Mexican food for cheap prices
U Konšelů is located in either Dejvice. The phone is 283981208
Are you looking for a certain price range?
There are 239 restaurants with a variety of price ranges
Café Kampus is an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food.
Most meals at BarBar range between 230 and 580 Kč.
U Tučňáků has a moderate price range and is good for dinner
Café Savoy is in Nusle. It has a moderate price range and is good for lunch
I have found a restaurant called Café Kampus in the Malá Strana that allows children.
Yes, children are allowed.
BarBar allows children and is also in the Karlín, serving dinner.
The address of Ferdinanda is Kaprova 42, and their phone number is 260080264
Kočár z Vídně's price range is moderate.
I found 4 restaurants that serve Mexican and do not allow children.
Kočár z Vídně is a nice restaurant that does not allow children and serves Chinese.
Ananta allows kids and has Chinese food
There are no restaurants serving Mexican breakfast.
For Indian you will find Švejk Restaurant
Try Green Spirit for German food and child friendly
Místo can be found near Petřín Tower for dinner at Národní 4 and reached by phone at 294612334
Ferdinanda is cheap and allows kids. It is good for breakfast.
The name is Café Savoy, a nice restaurant.
I found a restaurant called Místo that allows kids and has a cheap price range.
There are 54 restaurants that allow kids and have a cheap price range.
Would you like to eat breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
What area do you want me to search?
BarBar is moderately price and near Charles Bridge.
It was my pleasure. Goodbye.
Sorry would you like Italian?
What price range are you looking for in a restaurant?
Kočár z Vídně is near Stromovka, allows kids, and is moderately priced.
What kind of food are you searching for today?
Are you searching for breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
I would recommend Green Spirit. Kids are allowed there
BarBar is a good place for brunch in a moderate price range.
I don't know what food Green Spirit serves
Švejk Restaurant is near the TV Tower and serves Mexican
Café Kampus is in the Karlín area. Its phone number is 243442530
There are 0 moderately priced restaurants that serve Mexican food.
There are 239 restaurants available in any price range.
What do you want the restaurant to be near?
Baráčnická rychta is in the cheap price range and it is near Wenceslas Square.
I am sorry. Can you repeat what area you are looking for?
There are 239 restaurants if the area does not matter to you.
Would you like a restaurant that is good for breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner?
I am sorry. There are no Italian restaurants with cheap food.
There are 2 other restaurants that serve cheap Asian food
Do you prefer breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner?
Unfortunately there are no restaurants in the area of Staré Město.
The Pivo & Basilico is good for breakfast and is the area of Karlín and does not allow children.
The phone number to the Green Spirit is 297638422.
Unfortunately I could not find any expensive restaurants in Hradčany that allow kids.
I have no information whether Ferdinanda allows kids or not.
The Ferdinanda is near to Prague Castle and is good for lunch.
The Místo's price is 150 Kč
What part of the city do you want?
I found 239 restaurants if you do not mind the meal and area.
What kind of food are interested in?
I found a restaurant named Pivo & Basilico. They do not allow children, they serve Asian food, and they are located in Vinohrady.
Pivo & Basilico is in Dejvice, address is Štefánikova 15, phone is 269388545
U Konšelů is a nice restaurant in the area of Karlín that does not allow children.
U Tučňáků is good for dinner and the phone number is 239720447.
Místo near to Prague Castle serves French food and does not allow kids.
U Tučňáků is in Malá Strana and the number is 297102679
Café Savoy is a great cheap restaurant and they allow kids.
Are you sure you wanted the restaurant to be cheap?
What price range are you looking for again?
The address for Green Spirit is Žatecká 47, in the area of Vinohrady.
Baráčnická rychta serves French food in the Staré Město
Místo is at Kaprova 46, 151 00.
U Tučňáků is in the moderate price range, it does not allow children, and it serves Indian food.
U Konšelů is in the area of Vinohrady, its address is Národní 38, and its phone number is 265905548.
Cheap Indian food can be found at Švejk Restaurant.
Kočár z Vídně is in the Karlín. Their phone number is 245191981
What is your desired price range?
Místo is cheap and is near Wenceslas Square.
I am sorry but there are no restaurants serving moderately priced Czech and allow children.
There is a chinese restaurant called Café Savoy and it is in the expensive price range.
Can I help you with something else?
Ananta is good for dinner, they serve Indian
Café Kampus is in the area of Karlín. Its address is Štefánikova 43
I regret to inform you that there are no restaurants in the area of Karlín.
U Konšelů is in the area of Staré Město and serves breakfast but does not allow kids.
The phone number to reach Švejk Restaurant is 268878796
There are 0 restaurants where kids are allowed in the Žižkov area
Unfortunately there are 0 restaurants near Stromovka in the Hradčany area
BarBar is a nice restaurant in the Karlín area no kids are allowed.
Green Spirit restaurant cost between 300 and 580 Kč.
Ananta restaurant is located at Národní 49.
Místo is an expensive restaurant close to Wenceslas Square
I apologize, Café Savoy are the only expensive restaurants near Prague Castle
U Konšelů is an expensive restaurants near TV Tower
There are no restaurants in the area of Smíchov.
U Tučňáků is near Petřín Tower and is moderately priced.
I found 4 restaurants that is moderately priced, near Powder Tower and good for dinner.
The phone number for aperto is 222624148. The price is 220 Kč.
Café Kampus is a dinner restaurant near Stromovka with a moderate price range.
Can I confirm that you want a restaurant that does not allow children?
U Konšelů is a nice restaurant in the cheap price range that does not allow children.
There are 36 restaurants that are good for lunch with any kind of food.
What area would you like to dine near?
How much would you like to spend?
Café Savoy is a cheap restaurant with German food that is good for lunch.
I have found Ananta, with a cheap price range.
I have found a restaurant called Ananta
I would recommend Ananta. Children are allowed there and the food is cheap
I see 2 restaurants that serve brunch
Please specify you price range?
The Švejk Restaurant serves brunch and the price range is cheap
There are no other restaurants besides the Ferdinanda that serve brunch in your price range
I apologize, the U Tučňáků is the only available restaurant that serves brunch in your price range
I have found Ferdinanda, where the price range is cheap, and they serve dinner.
The address is Malostranské náměstí 24 and they are located in Hradčany.
There are no restaurants serving German in the expensive price range.
Are you looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range?
U Tučňáků serves French, is moderately priced and does not allow children
The name is Café Kampus, the phone number is 232201494
The Místo serves French food and is good for brunch
Children are allowed at the Pivo & Basilico
The BarBar is located in Malá Strana their phone number is 291536500
There are 239 restaurants that are great for any meal.
Ananta is a Mexican restaurant that is suitable for dinner.
There is a nice restaurant near Charles Bridge named U Tučňáků, and is good for dinner.
There are 3 restaurants near Wenceslas Square that are good for dinner.
Švejk Restaurant is near Powder Tower, allows children and is a good for dinner.
U Konšelů is located in the Dejvice and the address is Národní 42.
Unfortunately there is no cheap restaurant that serves Italian food.
Canto do brasil serves Chinese food.
The phone number for canto do brasil is 217112994.
Canto do brasil does not allow children.
Místo is a cheap restaurant near Wenceslas Square where no kids are allowed.
I am not sure.
Pivo & Basilico is a Indian restaurant. The phone number is 283724942.
I have found the BarBar. This restaurant is good for dinner and include Czech.
The price is between 290 and 580 Kč.
Can I confirm you are requesting price ranges?
I have found 239 restaurants in various price ranges.
What do you want to eat today?
I have found the Kočár z Vídně that is good for dinner and is located in the Smíchov as well as being priced moderately.
Can I confirm you are requesting more information?
The address to the Ananta near the pacific heights or japantown is Štefánikova 12 and the phone number is 277726883.
Kočár z Vídně is an expensive restaurant that allows children.
There are 94 restaurants that allow kids in the area.
There are 135 restaurants that do not allow children.
Which part of the city are you looking for?
Baráčnická rychta is located in Malá Strana, has a cheap price range and is good for dinner.
There are 2 restaurants that have a cheap price range in Nusle if you do not mind what meal they serve.
You are looking in the Dejvice area correct?
BarBar is located on Štefánikova 45 and their phone number is 293454355
There is a nice restaurant called U Konšelů near Vinohrady that is expensive.
There are 0 restaurants that are Asian near Vinohrady
BarBar is located at Štefánikova 2 and their phone number is 250912849
There is a nice restaurants named Kočár z Vídně
Let me make sure, are you looking for a restaurant near Stromovka?
Švejk Restaurant is near the Charles Bridge and does not allow kids.
Místo is in Smíchov. The address is Náprstkova 45 and the phone number is 264788226.
There are no restaurants serving American food for breakfast.
There is a place called Ferdinanda that serves Asian food.
There is a place called Green Spirit the serves shanghainese food.
Kočár z Vídně is the only place serving Czech food.
I am sorry. There are no cheap restaurants that serve Czech.
BarBar is in Hradčany and allows kids.
Is it the Dejvice?
Please confirm your preferred price range
I have a restaurant for you. It is named Místo, it is close to the Prague Castle area, children are allowed and it is moderately priced.
Ananta serves Asian food and kids are not allowed.
Místo's phone number is 241788747. Their postcode is 157 00.
I have just the restaurant for you. It is called U Tučňáků, the food is cheap and children are not allowed.
The best way to communicate with Ferdinanda is by telephone, and their phone number is 294471942
Ferdinanda is well known for its lunch or dinner.
Can I confirm you would like price ranges?
There are no restaurants in that price range that serve German food.
The Švejk Restaurant is expensive and is good for dinner.
Místo does allow kids.
Pivo & Basilico is near Prague Castle and does not allow kids in the restaurant.
Czech are served at Green Spirit which is located at Újezd 41.
It is a cheap restaurant
U Tučňáků is in Karlín. It is located at Žatecká 12
There are 3 restaurants in teh Dejvice area.
There are no restaurants in the Dejvice area in teh expensive price range.
I have no information whether Kočár z Vídně allows kids.
There is a nice restaurant called Café Kampus that serves French food that does not allow kids.
A restaurant called Švejk Restaurant
There are 2 restaurants that serve Chinese food, does not allow kids, and has a moderate price range
There is Pivo & Basilico that has a moderate price range, serves Asian food and does not allow kids.
Unfortunately, there are 0 Turkish restaurants that allow kids
Just that it serves German.
The type of restaurant is Italian.
Are you wondering if kids are allowed?
The mozzetta Italian place definitely allows kids.
It is in the moderate range and is located at Újezd 49. The phone number is 276720095.
There are 0 restaurants that are vegetarian near Old Town Square
There is a place called Café Kampus that serves vegetarian food near Stromovka
U Tučňákůs is located at Tržiště 28
BarBar serves dinner and allows children.
There are 89 restaurants that allow children for dinner.
Would you like a certain food type?
Švejk Restaurant offers Chinese food for dinner and allows children.
Ferdinanda serves Turkish for dinner and allows kids. It is near to TV Tower.
Café Kampus serves Turkish food for dinner and allows kids. It is near to TV Tower.
BarBar is located at Újezd 18 their phone number is 253427406. The postcode is 154 00.
Green Spirit is moderately priced and good for dinner.
Green Spirit is near Old Town Square, with a moderate price for dinner.
Baráčnická rychta allows kids, yes.
Café Savoy is a moderately priced Czech food restaurant that allows kids.
There are 6 restaurants that serves German food, allows kids and is in various price ranges.
There are 0 expensive restaurants near Prague Castle.
Do you prefer French?
There are no moderately priced Asian restaurants near Wenceslas Square.
There is a place called Ferdinanda that does not allow kids and is good for breakfast
BarBar is near Vinohrady and their number is 293085163
Café Savoy is good for dinner and serves Turkish food
Darbar is good Italian food for lunch that allows children.
Ferdinanda is located in Dejvice. The address is Malostranské náměstí 45 and the phone number is 224271878.
I am sorry, but there are no restaurants in Malá Strana.
There are no restaurants in Staré Město. Please try another location.
I regret that there are no restaurants that satisfy your requirements.
A restaurant near you?
Can I ask the area?
BarBar is cheap and the address is Karmelitská 11.
BarBar is also good for dinner.
There are no restaurants good for lunch that serve Asian food.
There are no restaurants that serve German food that are good for lunch
No place except for Green Spirit does not allow children and serves Czech food good for lunch.
Místo does not allow kids and their address is Štefánikova 13, their phone number is 296708383 and their postcode is 131 00
Café Kampus is a moderately priced restaurant near Stromovka that is a good restaurant for dinner.
The Místo is a moderately priced restaurant near Charles Bridge that is a good restaurant for dinner.
Místo are the only 2 moderately priced restaurants near TV Tower that are good for dinner.
Baráčnická rychta is located at Žatecká 50. The postcode is 126 00.
Café Savoy is a moderately priced restaurant that does not allow kids.
There are 77 restaurants with a moderate price range that do not allow kids.
The restaurant Pivo & Basilico is moderately priced and does not allow kids.
The restaurant Místo is near Prague Castle and is priced between 150 and 220 Kč.
There are 77 restaurants that have a moderate price range and do not allow kids.
I am sorry I did not find any restaurants near Powder Tower and good for lunch with kids not allowed.
Café Savoy is near the Powder Tower areas. The address is Kaprova 8. The phone number is 273977552
Baráčnická rychta is a cheaply priced restaurant which does not allow children.
Baráčnická rychta is a nice restaurant that is good for lunch, does not allow children and is cheaply priced.
Pivo & Basilico is priced at 150 Kč.
The address to U Konšelů is Kaprova 43 and the phone number is 223416580. Postcode is 136 00.
Baráčnická rychta is a good Mexican restaurant in cheap price range.
The phone number is 255481486
Café Kampus near Prague Castle is moderately prices
Café Kampus is a nice restaurant near Powder Tower, with cheap prices.
Ananta is near Charles Bridge, and offers cheap prices.
Are you looking for a restaurant that serves breakfast, lunch, or dinner?
BarBar's address is Karmelitská 16. It is postcode is 134 00.
Goodbye, thank you for choosing parlance dialogue system.
Ananta is near TV Tower does not allow kids and is good for dinner.
Piperade has a moderate price range.
U Tučňáků serves Asian food, is in the moderate price range and does not allow children.
There are no Asian restaurants that allow children.
Should children be allowed? Please say yes or no.
Hello, U Tučňáků is a expensive restaurant.
There is no restaurant near Petřín Tower offers expensive price range.
Assab eritrean is a cheap restaurant near Prague Castle
Assab eritrean address is at Karmelitská 29
There are no expensive restaurants that allow children near the Malá Strana.
What is the price range that you are looking for?
You might enjoy the Baráčnická rychta. It does not allow children. It is good for brunch and it is near the Charles Bridge.
The Baráčnická rychta is cheap. Their phone number is 221623597
Is there a certain price range that you are looking for?
The Café Savoy serves a wonderful brunch.
The Ferdinanda is equally as good for brunch.
The Místo has 2 branches, in Malá Strana. Their phone number is 213459876. Enjoy.
Okay goodbye
I found 2 restaurants that do not allow kids in the Hradčany area.
There is a nice restaurant named Pivo & Basilico that serves Mexican food near the Malá Strana area that does not allow kids.
Café Savoy is cheap and does not allow children
U Konšelů is cheap, does not allow children, and is good for lunch
Ananta is priced around 150 Kč
The 7 hills is moderately priced.
The 7 hills is located at Národní 12 their phone number is 245794095.
The BarBar has a moderate price range.
There is a nice restaurant named Švejk Restaurant close to Petřín Tower that does not allow children.
Just to double check, you would like a restaurant that serves Czech?
There is a nice restaurant called Švejk Restaurant near Charles Bridge, which serves Chinese and is good for dinner.
Yes, U Konšelů allows children.
Would you like a restaurant that is good for lunch or dinner?
Are you looking for and expensive or cheap restaurant?
Would you like to find a cheap or expensive restaurant?
There are 2 restaurants that serve Mexican and are expensively priced.
In what area would you like to search for a restaurant?
The restaurant BarBar serves Italian, is expensively priced and does not allow children.
I would recommend Café Savoy, as they serve Czech food and allow children
The address is Štefánikova 40
I am sorry but there is no place other than U Konšelů that is good for dinner, does not allow children, and is near Stromovka.
Pivo & Basilico's address is Tržiště 2, its phone number is 212834110, and the postcode is 133 00.
Yes, U Konšelů serves French food for dinner.
The restaurant is in Dejvice.
Kočár z Vídně is a good brunch place.
The address for Café Savoy is Újezd 40. It is in the Nusle area.
Are you looking for new american food or thai
U Tučňáků has an expensive price range. It is close to the Petřín Tower and serves vegetarian food
Café Savoy is in the cheap price range and does not allow children.
The address of the Green Spirit is Žatecká 48 and the food type is unknown to me, sorry.
Baráčnická rychta is a Italian restaurant in the moderate price range that allows kids.
You are looking for a restaurant that serves American food in the moderate price range and that allows kids.
Green Spirit is in nearby Stromovka, it is Indian food in the moderate price range and allows kids.
BarBar is good choice for your price range in Nusle.
Ananta would fit you.
The phone number for Švejk Restaurant is 223759719 and is located in Nusle.
Ferdinanda is a nice restaurant that allows children in the cheap price range that is good for breakfast.
Kočár z Vídně is in the Žižkov and the phone number is 251248180.
There is a nice restaurant called Ananta in the expensive price range.
The U Konšelů is in the expensive price range that allows children.
The Green Spirit price range is between 290 and 440 Kč and their phone number is 232383439
There is a nice restaurant called Green Spirit in the Staré Město area that serves Italian.
It is called Café Savoy and it is a nice restaurant.
There are no restaurants in the Malá Strana area in the expensive price range.
I am sorry but there is no place other than U Tučňáků that is near Petřín Tower.
Café Savoy is good for dinner and it is near Powder Tower.
I am sorry but there is no place other than Green Spirit that does not allow children, is good for dinner, and is near Old Town Square.
Please choose whether you would like kids to be allowed or no
Enjoy vegitaria restaurant allows kids
Thep phanom thai is a nice restaurant.
Baráčnická rychta is the only restaurant good for dinner and is located near Petřín Tower. It does not allow children.
There are 229 restaurants do not have any policy about children.
How much are you willing to spend?
Green Spirit is in that area it is expensive.
Zero restaurants in the Karlín area that are expensive.
Café Savoy is restaurant in the Karlín area.
BarBar is in Staré Město, number is 229473151
U Konšelů allows kids and is in Vinohrady.
U Konšelů allows kids and is good for dinner on Hradčany.
Café Kampus is on Žatecká 48, number is 222679822
Yes, Místo does allow children.
Would you like restaurants in a particular price range?
A local restaurant is Švejk Restaurant.
You could try the Green Spirit which is cheap and near Old Town Square.
Ananta is on 2845 geary boulevard
Kočár z Vídně meals cost between 70 and 110 Kč.
I have found 239 restaurants around if the area does not matter.
I have found Švejk Restaurant in Smíchov that serves French food
The address is Újezd 42 and the phone number is 262233773
What area can I help you find a restaurant in?
There is a nice restaurant near the Stromovka that allows kids and is good for dinner
Is there anything that I can help you with?
The Švejk Restaurant is moderately priced
The Místo offers Czech for dinners.
The Kočár z Vídně allows children
The BarBar serves Italian food for dinner
The Ananta does not allow children
The Café Kampus is located in the Karlín area. Their phone number is 234772707
Please indicate a price range. Thank you.
Thank you for using parlance, goodbye.
It is in the Žižkov. The phone number is 240761646.
Unfortunately there are 0 Indian restaurants that are good for lunch
It is near Petřín Tower
The Café Savoy is moderately priced, is near Charles Bridge, and allows kids.
Are you wondering if it is near Wenceslas Square?
Are you wondering if there is something else near Powder Tower?
Just aperto and pera near Powder Tower that allow kids and are moderately priced.
Café Savoy is at Štefánikova 13, phone 276476175, postal code 146 00.
Baráčnická rychta is moderatly priced and good for dinner
Pivo & Basilico is near Prague Castle with a price range of moderate and good for dinner
The address for canto do brasil is Národní 17, in the Malá Strana area.
There are 2 restaurants that serve Turkish and allow kids.
There are 2 restaurants that serve Italian and allow kids if you do not mind what meal the serve.
Are you looking for restaurants that are good for any meal?
Café Kampus is good for lunch in the cheap price range and allows children, that serves Asian.
There are 0 Mexican restaurants that allow kids
Baráčnická rychta has expensive prices range and it allows kids and it is good for dinner
In Švejk Restaurant prices range between between 290 and 440 Kč and the phone number is 269670322
There are 4 expensive restaurants that allows children if you do not mind what meal they serve.
There are 0 American restaurants that allow children
BarBar is an expensive American
Baráčnická rychta is in Karlín. They are phone number is 254308570
The Café Kampus is an cheap restaurant that does not allow children.
The postcode for Pivo & Basilico is 138 00 and their phone number is 297907292
There are 89 restaurants that allow kids and are good for dinner.
Baráčnická rychta has cheap prices and the phone number is 262677132.
How about Green Spirit, it fits your request?
It serves Asian food.
I would recommend Green Spirit as a cheap restaurant
There is Kočár z Vídněs that servers Italian food
The address to Ananta is Karmelitská 33 and their number is 232642539
Ananta is a cheap Asian place that allows children.
It is located at Tržiště 9
U Tučňáků is an expensive Chinese restaurant that allows kids.
Ananta is the only expensive Asian restaurant that allows kids.
What price range of restaurant are you looking for?
I cannot find any restaurants in the Smíchov area.
I cannot find any restaurants near Nusle area.
No there are no restaurants near the Žižkov area.
I am sorry there are no restaurants in the Nusle area.
There are 239 places serve meal food if the food type is not an issue.
So, you want a place good for any meal?
We do not have any vegetarian restaurants listed that serve breakfast.
We do not have any Italian restaurants open for breakfast.
U Konšelů restaurant is in the cheap price range.
There are 0 restaurants near Wenceslas Square that serve vegetarian and do not allow children.
What area are you searching for?
There are 239 restaurants available serving any meal.
Ferdinanda is located in Dejvice and is good.
Baráčnická rychta is in the Karlín area located at Náprstkova 11.
I can help you. What type of food would you like to eat?
I can recommend the Green Spirit which is a Asian.
The U Tučňáků is in the Smíchov area. The phone number is 289817507.
Enjoy your meal. Thank you for calling. Good bye.
Pivo & Basilico serves Asian fits you.
There are 11 restaurants that serve american food near Powder Tower.
Baráčnická rychta has a cheap price range and is near Old Town Square.
U Tučňáků is near Stromovka and moderately priced.
The postcode is 124 00.
BarBar is a good restaurant that serves Italian food, especially for dinner
There are 2 restaurants that serve good Mexican food for dinner
Can I help you find he price range?
BarBar is in Nusle, with prices between 150 and 260 Kč. Their phone number is 217111227
I can recommend BarBar for Turkish.
Could you please add more info
I know of 2 restaurants it he Staré Město area.
I know of 2 restaurants in the Vinohrady area if you do not care whether kids are allowed or not.
What type of food are you hungry for?
Kočár z Vídně is a Czech restaurant in Žižkov that allows kids.
Café Kampus is a good restaurant for breakfast that is kid friendly and serves cheap food.
The phone number for BarBar, located in the Staré Město area, is 278065487.
There's no place serves expensive breakfast.
There is a Czech restaurant named U Konšelů.
Yes, the Baráčnická rychta is a nice restaurant.
There is also U Konšelů that serves German food if you are looking for a put.
There is a Czech restaurant called Ananta that may interest you.
Ananta does not allow kids and it is expensive.
Místo is an expensive restaurant that does not allow kids in the Staré Město area.
Pivo & Basilico is near the Prague Castle and in the Smíchov area. The phone number is 221253178.
There is a nice restaurant named Café Savoy. It is moderate price good restaurant
Švejk Restaurant is a moderate price restaurant in Staré Město
Švejk Restaurant is the only restaurant of moderately priced where kids are allowed.
Address of restaurant Café Savoy, Újezd 1. Price range between 150 and 220 Kč
Are you sure that you want to look for restaurants serving food in the expensive price range?
In which area are you looking for restaurants?
Are you looking for a restaurant serving breakfast, lunch or dinner?
Would you like restaurants in the Wenceslas Square area?
Would you like to find restaurants in the mission bay restaurant or the victoria mews area?
Are you looking for restaurants that allow children or one that do not allow children?
The BarBar is the only place near the Prague Castle.
There are 239 good restaurants for any meal.
Where are you looking for near by?
Do you want kids allowed?
So you do not care whether it allows children or not?
There are 239 restaurants that are good for any meal if you do not care whether children are allowed.
What is the area of the restaurant you are looking for?
Švejk Restaurant is a nice restaurant in the Staré Město area that allows children and is good for dinner.
There are 7 restaurants serve German and cheaply priced.
The Café Savoy is a nice restaurant in the moderate price range
The phone number is 221225602 and the price for meals range between 230 and 290 Kč.
BarBar is a cheap place in Nusle.
It is a cheap restaurant in the area of Smíchov.
It is a cheap restaurant in Nusle.
What type of food do you have in mind?
Kočár z Vídně is another restaurant.
Are you wondering about the food?
Are you looking for a restaurant that does or does not allow kids
There are 135 restaurants that does not allow kids
The restaurant Café Kampus has a moderate price range and does not allow kids
U Tučňáků serves dinner in the Malá Strana area.
BarBar is near Stromovka and it serves American food
Švejk Restaurant is located in Žižkov. Children are not admitted.
Can I confirm that you are looking for a restaurant that does not allow kids?
U Konšelů is the Smíchov area does not allow kids
0 restaurants in Smíchov are good for brunch
Baráčnická rychta is of moderate price
U Tučňáků is of moderate price and serves Turkish food
Švejk Restaurant is located in Nusle. Its address is Tržiště 14
Café Savoy serves Turkish food in the fenditton area.
U Konšelů a good Žižkov place for an Italian dinner.
I know of a Baráčnická rychta that is good for lunch.
I found 4 expensive restaurants that allow children.
There are a total of 94 restaurants that allow kids.
Kočár z Vídně is a nice restaurant that serves Italian food and allows kids.
I have found 3 other restaurants that serve Turkish food and allow kids.
I see. Kočár z Vídně is a Czech restaurant that allows kids and is good for breakfast.
There is a vegetarian restaurant nearby called Café Kampus.
There is another German restaurant nearby called U Konšelů and it is fairly cheap.
There is another German restaurant nearby called Pivo & Basilico and it is also cheap.
Sure, the phone number to Ananta is 243349393 and the restaurant has too locations in Karlín.
Pivo & Basilico has moderate prices and is in Dejvice.
Kočár z Vídně is in Staré Město at Karmelitská 8, you can call at 271336225.
Thanks !
Sorry, there are no restaurants allowing kids and serving Asian food.
The restaurant is called arabian nights.
Café Kampus is located at Náprstkova 1 and can be reached by phone at 227673952.
You are looking for a restaurant that serves Turkish food.
Kočár z Vídně is a moderately priced German restaurant.
Švejk Restaurant is a moderate priced restaurant.
Baráčnická rychta serves breakfast and does not allow kids.
Baráčnická rychta can be called at 237091027.
How much are you looking to spend?
There are 0 Turkish restaurants serving dinner.
The Ferdinanda is cheap.
The Kočár z Vídně offers cheap dinners near to TV Tower.
In what area are you looking?
Can I confirm that you do not care what area?
Can I confirm that you do not care about the area?
Místo is in the price range of cheap
Pivo & Basilico serves vegetarian. Address is Žatecká 39 and phone number 255185867
0 restaurants close to TV Tower that serve Turkish food.
Kočár z Vídně serves Asian food near Prague Castle.
Are you looking for food by breakfast, brunch, lunch, or dinner type?
Ananta is good for lunch and does not allow children
There are 4 other restaurants that are expensive German restaurants.
In what area are you looking for?
Kočár z Vídně is an expensive German restaurant in Vinohrady
Sorry but I could not find a Asian restaurant that allows kids.
Ferdinanda is located at Náprstkova 5 and costs around 220 Kč.
The restaurant I recommend is Green Spirit. It is moderately priced, does not allow kids, and is near Charles Bridge.
There is 239 good restaurants if you do not care about the price.
Can I confirm that the price does not matter to you?
What is the location of the restaurant you are looking for?
There are 239 restaurants which include all price ranges.
There are 51 expensive restaurants serving dinner.
The Ferdinanda is near to Wenceslas Square.
There are 239 restaurants good for any meal.
Café Savoy near TV Tower good for lunch
Address Kaprova 22 phone 262720703
Baráčnická rychta phone 242448350
I recommend Green Spirit. It serves American and good for dinner.
Švejk Restaurant food is located at Žatecká 30. It costs 220 Kč.
